

Chapter 1505 - “Seed”

 Yun Che couldn’t react to Jie Yuan’s movement at all.


 Boom


 A rumble came from Yun Che’s heart, followed by a burst of black light and a thick mist of black-colored energy. It was the manifestation of his own power, not Jie Yuan’s. Right now, the darkness profound energy inside his profound veins and the devil energy orb was running rampant like a dark demonic beast who had been jolted awake from its slumber.


 Yun Che’s hair floated, and his eyes shone like a pair of bottomless abysses. A darkness profound formation about one and a half meters long suddenly appeared in front of his chest. It spun rapidly under Jie Yuan’s control and grew smaller and smaller like a shrinking whirlpool. Finally, it vanished into his heart completely.


 Jie Yuan moved her palm away from Yun Che’s chest, and the dark energy surrounding him dissipated in an instant.


 Yun Che took half a step backward while panting. However, he didn’t feel any discomfort or notice anything amiss after scanning his own body with his spiritual perception.


 “Senior?” He looked up toward Jie Yuan and asked in an apprehensive tone.


 “Relax,” Jie Yuan’s eyes narrowed slightly as she gave him a half-smile and said, “I was just planting a ‘seed’ inside you.”


 “A... seed?”


 “It is a seed of darkness,” Jie Yuan said coolly, “If this world never strays from the hopeful world you speak of, then it will never awaken.”


 “But if one day you are completely filled with disappointment and hatred for this world, then the opposite will happen.”


 Jie Yuan’s tone and strange expression caused Yun Che’s heart to clench tightly. He asked, “What... what would happen after it awakens?”


 “You’ll know when it happens.” Jie Yuan didn’t give him a straight answer. “This seed of darkness also contains three drops of my origin devil blood. Once you’ve absorbed them fully, they’ll increase your strength, bring your constitution up to a whole new level, and... unlock the sixth and seventh seals Ni Xuan placed inside your profound veins!”


 Jie Yuan’s origin devil blood... was also the origin blood of a Devil Emperor!


 It was something the world, post-God Era, had never seen before!


 “I’ve also given you my darkness profound art, ‘Eternal Darkness Calamity’. I’m the only one that can cultivate it, but you should be able to cultivate it as well after you’ve absorbed my devil blood.”


 “Finally, I’ve given you all the darkness profound arts I ever cultivated besides ‘Eternal Darkness Calamity’. Feel free to cultivate any profound art you wish to cultivate!”


 The Devil Emperor’s darkness profound arts were of course at the same level of the Heretic God Arts and the Divine Miracle of Life! It was without a doubt the pinnacle of darkness profound energy!


 “However, all of these are only possible if the ‘seed of darkness’ awakens, so you should forget them for now,” Jie Yuan said coolly. “I’m sure you never want to see a day like this come true anyway.”


 After he had his shock under control, Yun Che thought for a moment before replying, “I’ve lost many things in my life, but I’ve always regained them all in the end. I’ve experienced many moments of despair, but there was always a light at the end of the tunnel. I’ve also received malice countless times, but time and time again my life has told me that there is always more good than malice in this world.”


 “The people at the top of this world also wish for a stable order. The Eternal Heaven God Realm especially is a world that strives to punish the taboo and evil in order to ensure the peace and stability of all of the Primal Chaos.”


 “That’s why I’m sure a day like this will never come,” Yun Che said. “I’m sure you arrived at this decision because you believed the same as well, Senior.”


 Jie Yuan, “...”


 “I believe that your name will be spread by all those who know the truth. The people of the world will never forget your name, and they’ll come to appreciate the peace and stability they currently have even more. It might even be enough to change the world’s perception of devils forever.”


 Jie Yuan didn’t say anything for a very long time. In the end, she turned her back toward Yun Che and said, “Go. Go and do what a messiah should do. I will declare my decision to those people myself!”


 ............


 After leaving Cloud’s End Cliff, Yun Che grabbed Qianye Ying’er and brought out the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace. Then, they traveled towards the Eastern Divine Region at top speed.


 They were not heading to the Snow Song Realm, however. They were traveling to the Eternal Heaven God Realm.


 “What... did you say!?”


 Inside the Eternal Heaven Divine Hall, the Eternal Heaven God Emperor slowly rose to his feet as he listened to Yun Che. His white beard kept shaking like it was being blown by a breeze.


 It was because he couldn’t believe even a word of what Yun Che was saying.


 “Senior Devil Emperor has told me this herself.” Yun Che wasn’t surprised by the Eternal Heaven God Emperor’s reaction at all. He slowed his speech and said very seriously, “This matters to the entire God Realm and the Primal Chaos. I wouldn’t dare make light of it in the slightest.”


 “H-how... how is this... possible... how is this...” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor’s eyes were completely round. He looked like he was graced by the melody of the heavens.


 Just like Yun Che, his first reaction upon hearing the news wasn’t excitement or mad joy, but shock, confusion, and disbelief.


 For all his knowledge and experience of human nature and his mental fortitude as the Eternal Heaven God Emperor, he found himself unable to understand the words he had heard at all.


 An ancient Devil Emperor who could control the entire world with a finger had decided to sacrifice herself and her remaining clansmen for the likes of them, petty mortals who were like ants before her?...


 He couldn’t understand. He just couldn’t understand at all.


 It was something only a saint, a true saint could possibly do, but she was a devil... an emperor among devils no less!


 “Did... did the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor truly... say all this herself?”


 This was the second time he asked the same question already.


 “Yes.” Yun Che nodded again before saying, “With her strength, she has no need to debase herself and lie to us. Senior Devil Emperor is also the one who told me to inform you all about this. She’ll be leaving eight days from now, and she’ll personally destroy the spatial passage she opened with the World Piercer, thereby cutting off the devil gods and... herself from the Primal Chaos forever.”


 The Eternal Heaven God Emperor stared at Yun Che. Every muscle in his face was shaking because his excitement was too much. He was undoubtedly the most concerned person in the entire world during this period, and he had spent every waking moment worrying about the God Realm’s future and the countless possibilities that might arise due to the return of the devil gods.


 But now, Yun Che was telling him that the devil gods wouldn’t be returning, and the Devil Emperor herself would be leaving the Primal Chaos... As he stared at Yun Che and listened to his voice, the Eternal Heaven God Emperor had to test himself again and again to make sure that it wasn’t all just a dream.


 “Good... good... good!!” Finally able to believe that it wasn’t all just a dream, the Eternal Heaven God Emperor smiled as if a billion tons of pressure had just been lifted off his body. His relief was so huge that an unprecedented level of exhaustion had engulfed him, and his eyes were actually welling up a little with tears. He said, “Thank the heavens... thank the heavens!”


 “Lastly, Senior Devil Emperor said that she would be declaring her departure personally, so please invite the God Emperor and the Realm Kings over as soon as possible. I’m sure they would like to hear Senior Devil Emperor’s assurance with their own ears.”


 Yun Che himself was feeling a myriad of emotions when he said this.


 It was a dreamlike outcome that no one could possibly predict or imagine.


 It had only been two months since the arrival of the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor and her decision to leave the Primal Chaos. She had brought great terror to every boss in the God Realm, and if she really wanted to become the master of the Primal Chaos there was no one in the world who could stop her... However, she had made the most impossible choice. She had willingly chosen to become a passing traveler and nothing else.


 The Eternal Heaven God Emperor shouted after Yun Che was finished speaking. “Taiyu, send word to all the realms immediately!”


 The Voice of Eternal Heaven soon reported the news to all the realms. Some were even sent to the Western Divine Region and the Southern Divine Region.


 A short time later, countless top grade profound arks and profound ships launched from every upper star realm and king realm and flew toward the Eternal heaven God Realm. Several streaks of shooting stars could also be seen leaving the Western Divine Region and Southern Divine Region.
Ñøv€l--ß1n hosted the premiere release of this chapter.

 It was just like the day of the Devil Emperor’s arrival, except that there were more people than ever before. Nearly every higher realm king of the Eastern Divine Region had arrived at the Eternal Heaven God Realm, and this time all four god emperors of the Southern Divine Region and the one monarch and five god emperors of the Western Divine Region had arrived as well.


 This meant that every god emperor in all three divine regions except the missing Star God Emperor was gathered in the Eternal Heaven God Realm!


 This was something that had never happened before!


 It was clear that they couldn’t relax until they heard it from the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor herself!


 A total of thirteen god emperors from all three divine regions were gathered at the Conferred God Stage. The might of their invisible presence alone was shaking the space of the Eternal Heaven God Realm and stifling all the higher realm kings.


 This was a scene no one had ever expected to see.


 The stage was shockingly quiet despite the incredible amount of people present. From time to time, the people would look at the Eternal Heaven God Realm, but the Eternal Heaven God Emperor didn’t move a muscle from his seat. Although the god emperor maintained a calm and collected appearance on the outside, his trembling brows betrayed the fact that he wasn’t really all that calm.


 Yun Che was seated right next to him. His position was higher than any protectors or enforcers of the Eternal Heaven God Realm.


 Time passed quietly and slowly. No one had said a word since their arrival. Everyone knew that the upcoming event would quite literally decide the fate of the Primal Chaos, and they couldn’t help but hold their breaths and contain their excitement, no matter how unprecedentedly huge they were. Even the god emperors didn’t dare to break this eerie silence.


 Finally, a pitch black shadow appeared on the sky of the Conferred God Stage.


 She hadn’t released any pressure. She didn’t even exude any presence that anyone could detect. But the moment she appeared, the spirit energy of every god emperor, divine master and even the Conferred God Stage itself scattered in an instant, leaving a huge, terrifying vacuum at the center. It lasted for several long breaths before the spirit energy finally flowed back into the center, trembling.


 Everyone held their breaths as darkness flashed across their eyes for an instant. In the next moment, everyone rose to their feet at nearly the same time and bowed their normally proud heads as deeply as they could,


 “Welcome, Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor!”


 The thirteen god emperors represented the highest power that existed in the God Realm, and the higher realm kings controlled the lifeline of the entire Eastern Divine Region. Right now though, every single one of these people was bowing before a woman, and the natural fear and submission born from their lives and souls were so overwhelming that their willpower was completely overwritten for a moment.


 This unprecedented scene was enough to shatter the common sense of any God Realm profound practitioners into bits.

