

Chapter 843 - Dark Clouds in the Snow Region

  

 Xiao Lingxi did not get much sleep in the entire ten days and most of the time she was staring blankly into space. Occasionally, when she was drowsy, she would unconsciously fall asleep but immediately after, her nightmares would scare her awake.


 The cold aura of Snow Region of Extreme Ice was definitely not something Xiao Lingxi could endure, so most of the time, she, Cangyue and Xiao Lie could only stay within the special barrier Feng Xue’er had placed. They could hardly move around in Frozen Cloud Asgard for long periods of time and with Frozen Cloud Wintry Spring being surrounded by extremely heavy cold aura, wanting to approach it to visit Yun Che was just wishful thinking.


 “Little Che...” She shrank at the corner of her room and muttered softly, as though her soul had already left her body. At this moment, the door was gently pushed open and Cangyue slowly walked in.


 Xiao Lingxi suddenly raised her head and then, she stood up and charged forward as though she was hit with an electric shock, jumping into Cangyue’s embrace in an instant. “Cangyue sis, how is Little Che... is he awake yet... is he already awake...?”


 “Lingxi, calm down for now,” Cangyue hurriedly held onto her and consoled her with a gentle voice. “He will wake up and he will definitely get better. Big Brother Under Heaven said that if it was anyone else, that person would have already died ten thousand times with that kind of injury, however my husband is still tenaciously staying alive. Have you forgotten... In the past, there were so many times when we thought that we would not be able to see him again but he would always appear in front of us safe and sound? This time, he will definitely wake up and get better, safe and sound like always.”


 “I... I know, I know...” Xiao Lingxi lightly teared up. “I just hate myself for being so useless. I’m not able to do a single thing and I’m not able to help Little Che in the least. Now, I can’t see Little Che even for an instant, I... I...”


 “Just taking care yourself well is the greatest help and comfort he can receive.” Cangyue mustered a light warm smile and then helped Xiao Lingxi to a chair. “My husband is working so hard to live because he can’t bear to let you and all of us go. So you must not look so beaten down when my husband wakes up, otherwise it will worry him to death.”


 As she held back her tears, Xiao Lingxi bit her lips. Then, she lightly nodded. “Mn... I understand, I’m fine... I have always been taking good care of myself. Cangyue sis, you’re the one who should get a good rest. In these few days, you have gotten even less rest than me and you have even been consoling me the entire time. You’re even an empress, there must be many things for you to do at the imperial palace...”


 Cangyue lightly shook her head. “Don’t worry, I have already sent Palace Chief Dongfang a sound transmission, allowing him to manage the state affairs on my behalf. Lingxi, put down your worries and have a good sleep. You never know, once you wake up, your Little Che might wake up as well.”


 “Alright...” This time, Xiao Lingxi obediently agreed and stood up. “I shall first visit my father, he hasn’t gotten much sleep these last few days either and he’s eating so little too. Xiao Yun and Seventh Sister can’t even persuade him with his future great grandson. If this keeps up, he definitely won’t be able to hold on.”


 Though Xiao Lie’s true grandson was Xiao Yun and not Yun Che, he had raised Yun Che for sixteen years, protected him from the wind and rains for sixteen years and it was also Yun Che who accompanied him for sixteen years as well. They were not related by blood but the feelings developed in those sixteen years were basically not any weaker than the bond of blood.


 “I will go with you.”


 Just as the two girls were about to head over to visit Xiao Lie, suddenly, she felt that the light in front of them had suddenly dimmed, as though the blazing sun up high in the sky was suddenly covered up.


 However, the sun and moon could never be seen all year round in Snow Region of Extreme Ice and the sky had always been a vast expanse of whiteness. So why did it suddenly turn dark?


 Above the Frozen Cloud Wintry Spring, the Little Demon Empress who was as silent as an ice sculpture suddenly widened her eyes, as she raised her head and looked towards the sky.


 The whiteness of the sky which was usually cast upon by the endless ice and snow, was actually being covered by a layer of foggy darkness all of a sudden. An aura carrying an extreme degree of suppression poured downwards, casting another layer of dead silence that could shake one’s heart, upon the already tranquil Snow Region.


 “What happened?”


 All of the Frozen Cloud disciples were startled by this sudden abnormal change. The Frozen Cloud Six Fairies rose into the air, scanning the sky and their surroundings. An incomparably intense stifling feeling and discomfort surfaced in their hearts. There had always been only a single climate in Snow Region of Extreme Ice ever since the days of old and never had such a sight been seen before. Furthermore, this stifling feeling which was sending chills down their spines, was definitely not caused by the change in climate either...


 This was clearly an aura of profound energy!!


 “This is...” Xiao Yun appeared in the sky as well and he softly said with a doubtful tone, “Wait a minute! This aura, don’t you think it’s a bit familiar?”


 “It’s indeed rather familiar.” Number One Under Heaven said with a sunken voice.


 “It’s Fen Juechen!” Feng Xue’er suddenly shouted. “When big brother Yun fought with Fen Juechen above the eastern seas a few months ago, Fen Juechen had an energy aura like this!”


 “Him?” Xiao Yun and Number One Under Heaven were stunned but immediately after, they came back to their senses. Number One Under Heaven said, “That’s right, this feeling is indeed extremely similar to Fen Juechen’s aura... But, it’s a little different as well! Though it’s the same energy aura, the feeling it’s giving me seems to be different.”


 But as to what was different, he was also unable to differentiate.


 “Look... Quickly look over there!” Number Seven Under Heaven suddenly exclaimed.


 Xiao Yun and Number One Under Heaven looked towards the north at the same time and suddenly saw that the northern skies had already turned into a vast and terrifying, pitch-black darkness. Furthermore, this pitch-black darkness was spreading towards Frozen Cloud Asgard at a considerably fast pace.


 “Hss...” Number One Under Heaven took a deep breath. “Let’s go!!”


 “Seventh Sister, stay here and protect grandfather and little aunt well!” Xiao Yun hurriedly told her and then flew out of the palace gates with Number One Under Heaven and Feng Xue’er.


 And at the same time, Murong Qianxue, Jun Lianqie, Mu Lianyi, Chu Yueli, Feng Hanyue and Feng Hanxue had already brought a group of Frozen Cloud disciples out of the palace gates. With frosty faces, the swords in their hands shone with cold light, as they awaited the strong foe.


 The black clouds in the northern skies rolled and tumbled, causing the rays of light to dim even further. That stifling feeling and sinister cold aura intensified with every breath. These Frozen Cloud girls cultivated in the Frozen Cloud Arts and had resided in Snow Region of Extreme Ice for a long time, so they were basically unafraid of the strong cold. However, their bodies felt chills as the aura approached and their souls were even trembling uncontrollably.


 “This... Is this really a profound energy aura?” Chu Yueli said in utter disbelief. “How can there be such a profound energy... The most sinister profound arts recorded in my Asgard’s records are not even up to this extent either.”


 “Do you people know who the other party is?” Murong Qianxue asked. She was unable to believe that this was an aura being released by a single person either.


 “We can’t say for certain. However, no matter who it is over on the other side, there’s no need to worry.” Number One Under Heaven confidently said. “With the Little Demon Empress here, if the other party is an enemy, no matter who it is, that person is just courting death!”
The initial instance of this chapter being available happened at N0v3l.Bin.

 As his words fell, a bolt of light suddenly flashed in front of them. A petite girl wearing a colorful glazed dress stepped onto the snowy ice field, her face was like the jade of ice and her eyes were like the cold stars, not even a single cold breeze blew at her arrival.


 “Little Demon Empress sis,” Feng Xue’er voiced out in pleasant surprise. However, when she immediately thought that with the Little Demon Empress’s arrival here, there was no one looking after Yun Che and she once again began to worry. “About Big Brother Yun...”


 “All of you stand back!!” The Little Demon Empress suddenly raised her hand and a violent snowy wind suddenly blew, forcefully pushing everyone several dozen meters away. She herself, however, was already several hundred meters in front of them.


 At this moment, the rumbling black clouds in the sky were already right before their eyes. They watched as the clouds slowly rolled about in the sky and then, stopped moving forward. An extremely stifling and sinister aura enveloped the entire Frozen Cloud Asgard immediately after.


 “Pretentious,” The Little Demon Empress coldly crooned. With a flip of her palm, before traces of any profound energy flow could be seen emitting from her body, a golden flame had already exploded within the dark clouds in the sky above and then, a sea of flames erupted within the changing dark sky. “Come out!!”


 The sea of flames raged on and in the blink of an eye, a large half of the dark clouds had been already engulfed. The other half of the dark clouds were sinking down from the sky, all the way to the in front of the Little Demon Empress. Then, a loud, arrogant laughter slowly scattered them apart.


 “Hahahahaha... Truly, as expected of the divine flames of the Golden Crow, it truly did not disappoint me.”


 Amidst the scattered dark clouds, a tall human figure with a thin frame slowly walked out.


 He had a face of a twenty year old. Dressed entirely in black, he had long ink-black hair and ink-black eyes. He looked at the Little Demon Empress, wearing a sinister, light smile that made one feel uncomfortable. “Nice to meet you, Little Demon Empress of Illusory Demon Realm. Welcome to the Profound Sky Continent.”


 Little Demon Empress: “...”


 “Fen... Fen Juechen!? It’s really him!!” Feng Xue’er held onto her lips, she was unable to believe her own eyes for a moment. The person who walked out of the black fog was undoubtedly Fen Juechen.


 “No! Wrong!!” Number One Under Heaven suddenly said. “He’s not Fen Juechen! Though his appearance is exactly the same, the feeling he’s giving me... is completely different from Fen Juechen! Even his voice is different as well... Who are you? Who in the world are you? Why did you disguise yourself as Fen Juechen!?”


 Number One Under Heaven was not that familiar with Fen Juechen but Fen Juechen was someone who had an extreme temperament, so this trait was overly obvious. Fen Juechen’s expression had always been ice-cold, expressionless, aloof and he carried a heavy sense of solidarity that could make one feel a pang in their hearts. He was like a lone wolf with nowhere to go.


 Though the person in front of their eyes had exactly the same appearance as Fen Juechen and had an extremely similar profound aura, the feeling he was giving off was not aloofness but an insufferable arrogance. His expression, atmosphere and the arc he formed with his lips, were completely different from the Fen Juechen he knew.


 The most obvious difference was his voice. Furthermore, with Fen Juechen’s personality, he definitely would never have laughed in such an arrogant manner earlier.


 “Hahahaha.” ‘Fen Juechen’ once again laughed out loud and he nodded in admiration. “As expected of the young master of the elven race, you truly possess keen senses. If you lose your life in this world of ice and snow today, it would truly be a shame.”


 Number One Under Heaven’s expression changed, his heart skipped a beat... Earlier, he called out the Little Demon Empress’ identity, and now, he had even precisely called out the status he held!


 “Fen Juechen” raised his hand and said with a wide grin, “In that case, why don’t you people make a guess? Who am I really?”


 This voice was not foreign in the slightest and among the people present, the number of people who heard this voice before was not limited to just one. After the initial shock, this voice suddenly overlapped with a figure in their minds.


 “You’re... Xuanyuan Wentian!!” Feng Xue’er and Xiao Yun shouted in astonishment.


 “Heh...” Fen Juechen... No, Xuanyuan Wentian’s lips raised, the inclined slope grew even more dangerous and brazen than before. In a slow and leisurely manner, he voiced out. “Perfect answer. That’s right, it is exactly I. Just to remind you, there’s no need to call me Sword Master Xuanyuan again in the future, rather, you must refer me as... the Unparalleled Heavenly Sovereign!”


 “It’s actually, really...” Hearing him personally admitting it, Xiao Yun opened his eyes wide. He was still unable to believe his own eyes and everything that he heard.


 “Unparalleled Heavenly Sovereign? Heh, that sure is an exaggerated title,” Number One Under Heaven ridiculed. “I have long heard of the name Xuanyuan Wentian but never had I expected that he would be so arrogant. As someone who dares to call himself Heavenly Sovereign, you hide your head but expose your tail, disguising yourself as someone else. You’re simply making us laugh our heads off.”


 Number One Under Heaven wantonly threw out ridiculing remarks. Though he was on guard, he did not feel much sense of danger. Because he was incomparably confident that the Little Demon Empress was an absolute peerless existence in this world. Forget about a single Xuanyuan Wentian, even if the Four Sacred Masters of the Profound Sky Continent come together, they would only face defeat in front of the Little Demon Empress.


 However, what he did not notice was that though the Little Demon Empress’s expression was cold and calm, a deep heaviness was being emitted from within her cold eyes. Her two petite hands were also not in a relaxed state but tightly clenched.


 “Disguise? Heh heh heh, hahahaha.” Xuanyuan Wentian was not the least bit angered. Or, to put it another way, to the current him, there was no longer anything that existed in this world that could anger him. “No no no. This sovereign bestowed him a heavenly reward, allowing him to offer his body to this sovereign and then allowing him to look upon this lowly world together with this sovereign.”


 “This is a great fortune which he used the extermination of his two families and his two lifetimes to exchange for. Heh, it wasn’t easy, you know.”

