

Chapter 1178 - Fighting Luo Changan Again

  

 “Elder Huanzhi, this Yun boy...? Don’t tell me that your Ice Phoenix Sect has some sort of secret method?” Huo Rulie asked in shock.


 “Sect Master Huo!” As soon as Huo Rulie finished his words, he heard the low shout of Yan Juehai. He quickly came to himself, and didn’t inquire any further.


 It was absolutely not possible to have such an astonishing increase in cultivation through normal means. The Flame God Realm was able to raise Huo Poyun’s cultivation up to the late stages of the Divine Spirit Realm by precisely using a “secret method,” and that was why Huo Rulie had asked such a question. But this kind of secret method would be a secret in any sect that had it, and so it was naturally inappropriate to inquire about it.


 “...” Mu Huanzhi could only shake his head in response, and the look of surprise on his face didn’t vanish even after a long while.


 He had already lived for over ten thousand years, but had still never heard of or read in any records that their sect possessed such a method that could raise the cultivation of a disciple by seven small realms even in the Divine Tribulation Realm.


 The Conferred God Stage had become boisterous. The most dreaded thing in the cultivation of profound strength was to be greedy for success and advance rashly. But for Yun Che to be able to “advance rashly” to this extent had surprised everyone... including all the realm kings of the upper star realms!


 “Raising cultivation by seven small realms... in the Divine Tribulation Realm. Even if he used the Time Wheel Pearl, that would still only give him extra time of one month.”


 In the eastern seating area, every great god emperor had a big frown on his face, and a wondering look could be seen in their eyes.


 It was at this time that the Dragon Monarch uttered all of a sudden, “It’s due to the Universe Penta Jade Pellet.”


 “Correct.” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor also nodded slowly. “The aura of the medicine has yet to dissipate from his body. It should be the Universe Penta Jade Pellet, without a doubt. Given the ability of the Snow Song Realm King, it would be indeed easy for her to carry out the fusion required for the Universe Penta Jade Pellet. It’s just that gathering all the materials needed for the pellet would not be an easy matter.”


 “However,” the Dragon Monarch continued, “a single Universe Penta Jade Pellet would absolutely not be able to raise his cultivation so much, even if it was perfectly refined. We cannot underestimate the Snow Song Realm, huh.”


 “Haha,” the Eternal Heaven Realm King began to laugh. “My Eternal Heaven has existed for six hundred thousand years so far, but the Snow Song Realm has a history of over nine hundred thousand years. None of the star realms who have inherited the legacies of gods or existed for a long period of time in the history of the God Realm, don’t have their own concealed secrets that are unknown to others. However... the issue with such ‘concealed secrets’ is that either they require paying an extremely great price in return, or it will be extremely difficult to actually make use of them. So, for such a thing to be used for him really doesn’t make much sense.”


 “No,” The Dragon Monarch slightly shook his head. “This junior is likely much more capable than it seems. For him to be able to execute invisibility alone is sufficient to make out this much. This dragon has long heard of the name of the Snow Song Realm King, Mu Xuanyin, even when I was in the Western Divine Region. For her to accept him as a direct disciple, and also to not hesitate to pay any price for increasing his cultivation to this extent, this child should be absolutely extraordinary.”


 “The sudden great increase in his profound strength must be due to the use of some extremely high level secret medicine or method. Even our Glazed Light Realm would find it extremely difficult to do the same. Who would have thought that a middle star realm would be able to such a thing...” Shui Yingyue said in a low voice.


 “Big Sis.” The girl beside her asked suddenly, “Have Big Brother, Second Brother, Third Brother... Tenth Brother, Eleventh Brother... Ninety-ninth Brother, opened bets for this fight?”


 “No, they didn’t.” Shui Yingyue glanced at Shui Meiyin. She was surprised to see her suddenly becoming interested in betting. “There is not the slightest suspense about the outcome of this fight. Allowing others to place bets would mean that we will only be making a loss.”


 In every session of the Profound God Convention, countless people would offer gambling opportunity. Naturally, the Glazed Light Realm wouldn’t abandon such a chance to easily make a great profit, either. Moreover, given the prestige and power of the Glazed Light Realm, people didn’t hesitate to place extremely big bets on the contestants.


 “Oh... what a pity.” A mysterious and unusual light was circulating in Shui Meiyin’s pupils, as she looked fixedly at Yun Che. “If everybody placed bets on Luo Changan winning the battle, all the ninety-nine big brothers could earn so many profound crystals.”


 A look of surprise surfaced in Shui Yingyue’s eyes, “Meiyin, you mean to say....”


 “That Big Brother Yun Che will win,” Shui Meiyin said in a very serious tone.


 “Win?” Shui Yingyue found her answer incomprehensible. “Although his profound strength has increased by a great margin, he is still just at the last stage of the Divine Tribulation Realm. No matter what, it is impossible for him to be the opponent of Luo Changan.”


 “Hehe...” Shui Meiyin laughed. “It’s not only the strength of his cultivation, the expression in his eyes has also changed completely.”


 On the Conferred God Stage, the gaze of Honorable Qu Hui stayed on Yun Che for a few breaths. After feeling astonished, he said in a cold voice, “Hmph, Yun Che! Despite the fact that everyone is watching the Conferred God Battle at this moment, you actually dared to arrive this late! Do you think nothing of this Profound God Convention!?”


 Yun Che didn’t budge an inch, and unexpectedly replied in a carefree manner, “It’s certainly a bit inappropriate to arrive late for the battle, but according to the rules of the Conferred God Battle, a contestant would only be determined as loser if they are late by fifteen breathes’ time. If I didn’t make any miscalculations, then I should only be late by around seven breaths’ time. However, I heard Honorable Qu Hui announcing the result of the battle before the time limit... which should be even more inappropriate, right!?”


 “You...” Honorable Qu Hui lowered his brows, as he was almost enraged by him again.


 His identity was so great that even the king of a star realm would not dare show the slightest disrespect to him. Yun Che was... absolutely one of the few exceptions that he had seen in his life.


 Thinking of his identity, Honorable Qu Hui instantly suppressed the anger surging within him. As his body floated up in the sky, he roared once again, “It is time for the battle. You two... begin at once!”


 Hearing the command of Honorable Qu Hui, the Conferred God Stage finally regained its calm. But neither of the two people facing each other made any move against their opponent.


 One was calm and composed, another had an amused look on his face.


 The change in Yun Che’s profound strength might be astonishing, but he was still at the Divine Tribulation Realm. In the eyes of every person, it was basically impossible for him to pose the slightest threat to Luo Changan.


 Luo Changan’s eyes were only half-opened, as they stared at Yun Che from top to bottom. There was a vague smile on his face, as if he was sizing up an interesting toy, “Not bad. The day before yesterday, you didn’t even dare to get on the Conferred God Stage, and today you actually have the guts to stand up before me, tsk, tsk, tsk.”


 “Reaching the eighth level of the Divine Tribulation Realm from the first level in a day’s time, hahahaha...” Luo Changan raised the corner of his mouth, as he coldly smiled in disdain. “Although I don’t know the method you used, even a three year old child knows that the cultivation of the divine way should progress step by step, in a careful manner. I didn’t think you would be such a fool. Your profound strength may have increased significantly, but such abrupt amplification would certainly inflict severe damage to your talent and lifespan. You’re truly extremely laughable. Even more laughable is... you might be thinking that you’re no longer garbage, right?”
Witness the genesis of this narrative, streaming from Nøv€lß¡n★

 Yun Che, “...”


 Luo Changan leisurely stretched out a finger towards Yun Che, “Boy, I have always been a soft-hearted person, so I give you a warning out of kindness. It’s about to be twenty years since I last fought with those trash below the Divine Spirit Realm. Therefore, it is quite likely that I’ll end up overdoing it. If you were to become half dead due to a moment of carelessness on my part, you’d have to lie paralyzed on the bed for eighty to a hundred years. Tsk, tsk, how pathetic that would look, huh.”


 “Since that’s the case, I’ll grant you an opportunity out of kindness.” Luo Changan smilingly stretched out five fingers. “I’ll give you five breathes’ time. You surrender voluntarily, get lost from this place forever, and continue to be the lowly garbage you are. That way I will be able to avoid dirtying my hands on garbage such as you.”


 In front of an absolute weakling, Luo Changan spouted malicious remarks and ridicule without the slightest bearing that an expert like him was supposed to have, which made a large number of people frown inwardly. The two of them hadn’t made any move even after a long while, but Honorable Qu Hui didn’t say anything in regards to it.


 Yun Che, however, responded with a smile, “Luo Changan, you use that word ‘garbage’ over and over again for me. It seems that you truly look down upon the action of conceding or surrendering, huh?”


 “Hahaha,” Luo Changan laughed in extreme contempt. “True men like me fight to the last moment, even if we die by doing so, as long as we are conscious! Only lowly garbage such as you would beg to surrender like a dog! However, seeing lowly garbage such as you begging to surrender like a dog... Heh, it is also a good sort of enjoyment in itself. Therefore, I’m granting you such an opportunity... But, you have no more than five breathes’ time!”


 “4!”


 “3!”


 “2!”


 Luo Changan folded his five fingers one by one, but Yun Che remained in place. The former didn’t see the least bit of nervousness or fear on his face, nor the expression of anger or humiliation. It greatly lessened the feeling of delight in his heart, and his gaze gradually turned sinister too.


 “1!”


 Folding the last finger, Luo Changan smiled, “I gave you the opportunity in order to avoid any unforeseen accidents. Heh... you will no longer get the chance to regret!”


 As the son of the Holy Eaves Realm King, Luo Changan was known for his wildly arrogant and domineering attitude. Perhaps, it was because his shine was completely suppressed by his younger brother in the family that he quite liked to humiliate the weak. Seeing the other party feeling anger and humiliation but not daring to resist made him feel a twisted feeling of pleasure.


 But today, he didn’t get to see a satisfying effect from his words and actions on Yun Che, which evoked anger in his heart instead. The moment he finished his words, he made his move all of a sudden. As he lifted and thrust out his right arm, the swirl of profound energy in his palm rapidly became dozens of times greater, before shooting towards Yun Che’s heart.


 Despite the fact that he had absolute superiority of profound strength, not only did he make the first move, his attack was also incomparably ruthless and vicious. If this attack were to hit its target, let alone someone at the eighth level of the Divine Tribulation Realm, even a person at the peak of the Divine Tribulation Realm would be severely injured in an instant.


 “Yun Che!!” Everyone from the Snow Song Realm, except for Mu Bingyun, turned pale with fright.


 The audience members from the Holy Eaves Realm also had a big frown on their faces... Although Luo Changan hadn’t used any more than twenty percent of his strength, his opponent was only at the Divine Tribulation Realm. He would get heavily injured at the least, and might even meet a violent death on the spot.


 The Holy Eaves Realm was naturally not afraid of the Snow Song Realm, and killing the direct disciple of its realm king was nothing big in their eyes. Even if the Snow Song Realm had a Divine Master level realm king right now, they would absolutely not have the guts to say or do anything to the Holy Eaves Realm. But, maliciously killing his opponent in this Conferred God Battle might cause him to lose his qualification to participate any further... However, even if the people of Holy Eaves Realm wanted to shout at him to stop, it was already too late.


 BOOOOM!!


 Yun Che didn’t budge an inch, and it was also certainly difficult to move even a finger under to the suppression of the profound strength that was greater than his by a big realm. Luo Changan’s attack directly hit Yun Che’s chest. Following an exploding sound, the fifty kilometers area ahead from Yun Che’s original location was drowned in an extremely tyrannical energy. Even mountains would instantly be destroyed down to fine powder.


 Luo Changan had raised the corner of his mouth sideways into a faint evil grin as his attack was about to hit Yun Che, but very soon his evil grin disappeared completely, as his attack, which had clearly struck Yun Che, just passed through the air. It was not the scene of Yun Che getting immediately bombarded out of the Conferred God Stage that he saw, but an icy image dissipating as it shattered.


 Luo Changan was taken aback, after which he suddenly turned around... Yun Che still had the same posture as earlier with both of his arms behind his back. He was calmly standing in place, and the distance between them was still less than ten steps.


 “It’s Sect Master’s Moon Splitting Cascade!” a few palace master level elders from the Snow Song Realm cried out in surprise together.


 “Moon Splitting Cascade is so wonderful... It indeed deserves its reputation!” In the eastern seating area, the Dragon Monarch surprisingly blurted out in praise.


 “Leaving your aura behind while switching your location to another place, which instantly confuses the perception of your opponent,” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor glanced at the Star God Emperor, as he said with a smile, “On this point, it is comparable to the Star God’s Broken Shadow of your Star God Realm.”


 Although the movement skill of a middle star realm was being compared on equal footing with the divine skill of their Star God Realm, the Star God Emperor didn’t laugh off his words, and instead nodded slightly, “It is extremely difficult to comprehend the Star God’s Broken Shadow. Besides the star gods, no one else in my Star God Realm has been able to practice it successfully. According to what I heard earlier, it was solely Realm King Xuanyin who was able to practice this in the Snow Song Realm... This boy has not only practiced it successfully, its level has also reached the legendary realm of ‘invisibility.’ He deserves to be personally praised by the Dragon Monarch.”


 “But, no matter how powerful his movement skill is, it can only help him to temporarily avoid suffering defeat! He still has no chance to win against his opponent!”


 “Oh my, not bad I must say.” Luo Changan turned around, as he narrowed his eyes. He didn’t seem to have made any movement but a blast of energy erupted from him all of a sudden. Dozens of streaks of profound energy were unleashed in an instant, which then transformed into a huge net of formless claws, and suddenly swept towards Yun Che.


 Ding!


 Dozens of streaks of profound energy struck Yun Che at the same time, but it only made a light sound as an icy image got smashed to pieces and dissipated.


 Yun Che’s aura had again appeared behind Luo Changan.


 Luo Changan’s face had now turned gloomy. His attacks had actually missed their target twice in a row, when his opponent was just in the Divine Tribulation Realm. It was undoubtedly a matter of great disgrace for such a thing to happen with everybody watching.


 He slowly turned around, as he smiled grimly, “Hah, you do have some ability to run away. In that case... let’s see you try to flee again!!”


 The profound energy on Luo Changan’s body greatly increased suddenly, as he actually released nearly seventy percent of his profound strength, then firmly locked his aura onto Yun Che... Once someone at the sixth level of Divine Spirit Realm forcibly suppresses a profound practitioner at the Divine Tribulation Realm, it would be almost impossible for them to struggle free of it. Luo Changan’s body came flying over to Yun Che at this time, as he struck down with his fist.


 “You unpleasant-looking garbage... get lost from here!!”


 In the face of Luo Changan’s vicious attack, Yun Che didn’t choose to evade this time. Rather, he stayed still in place as the corner of his mouth slightly raised into a faint, ice cold smile.


 It was not because he was seriously trying to tease and enrage Luo Changan that he had dodged the previous two attacks. He was in fact feeling out the level of his current strength.


 The day before yesterday, he would have felt an enormous suppression even if he was facing an opponent of the first level of Divine Spirit Realm.


 However, confronting the two attacks from Luo Changan just now, he didn’t feel the slightest suppression at all. He was able to dodge both times with such ease, as if he was leisurely walking in a quiet and peaceful courtyard. Even when the remnant energy of Luo Changan’s attacks brushed against him, it only felt as if his body was being scratched by a fierce wind.


 KABOOM!!!!!!


 ......


 Luo Changan’s insidious attack firmly struck Yun Che’s chest, producing a world-shaking explosion of profound energy...


 “Wuaahh!!”


 Following the sound of the explosion, a human figure was ruthlessly blown away. A scarlet mist of blood fiercely burst in midair, as a painful and incomparably miserable shriek resounded.

