

Chapter 853 - The Yun Family Receives Guests

  

 Xiao Yun and Number One Under Heaven led the people who had come to the Illusory Demon Realm for the first time to Demon Imperial City before directly heading towards the Yun Family household.


 The Yun Family had already received a sound transmission beforehand, so Yun Qinghong and Mu Yurou were already at the main gate waiting to receive them.


 After Xiao Yun spied the anxiously waiting figures of Yun Qinghong and Mu Yurou, he galloped towards them before heavily bowing to the ground, “Father, Mother, your child has returned.”


 Number One Under Heaven was hot on his heels as he bowed as well, “Patriarch Yun, Madam Yun, it has been a long time.”


 Yun Qinghong gave a faint smile as he nodded his head. He extended a hand to lift Xiao Yun up, his warm gaze extending to the unfamiliar faces behind him, including the gaggle of Frozen Cloud girls who were so beautiful that they caused one’s head to spin. Just as he was about to ask, he suddenly heard Mu Yurou speak in an anxious voice, “Yun’er, where is Che’er? He didn’t come back with the rest of you? And the Little Demon Empress... Has she already returned to the palace?”


 “Father, Mother, concerning Big Brother and the Little Demon Empress...” Even though Xiao Yun had already thought about what to say while he was on the way here, now that he saw Mu Yurou’s extremely worried eyes, he still felt his heart panicking. He silently swallowed a mouthful of saliva before forcing himself to speak in a relaxed voice, “Actually, Big Brother sustained some injuries before he returned. So the moment we returned, the Little Demon Empress brought him to Golden Crow Lightning Flame Valley in order to get the Golden Crow Divine God to heal Big Brother’s wounds.”


 “Ah!!” Mu Yurou gave a cry of alarm as the look of joy and anticipation on her face instantly turned into a look of fear and dread. She grabbed Xiao Yun’s arm, gripping it so hard that the joints of her fingers turned white, “Yun Che, he... how did he get hurt... Are his injuries serious... Who was it that hurt him... Just what exactly is his condition right now...”


 “I... Big Brother, he...” Xiao Yun was a person who was extremely bad at lying. Besides, right now, he was in front of the mother he was closest to and loved and respected the most. So in this moment, he was at a complete loss as to what to do, stumbling over his words and unable to form a coherent sentence.


 “Yurou, there’s no need to worry.” Yun Qinghong said as he gave a relaxed smile and patted Mu Yurou’s shoulder, “Your concern has truly left you frazzled this time. Could it be that you’ve forgotten that Che’er not only has extremely great medical skills, he also possesses a constitution that far exceeds that of a normal person? Even extremely serious injuries can be quickly recovered from in his case so even if his injuries are particularly heavy this time around, hasn’t the Little Demon Empress already personally brought him to Golden Crow Lightning Flame Valley? Given the divine power of the Golden Crow Divine God, no matter how serious his injuries are, he will definitely be able to safely recover from them.”


 “Yes, yes, yes, yes!” Xiao Yun hurriedly said as he followed along and nodded his head, “Even though Big Brother was wounded this time... and it was just slightly on the serious side the moment he meets the Golden Crow Divine God, he will definitely be better in no time. So Mother doesn’t need to be worried at all. For all we know, Big Brother might safely return tomorrow.”


 Yun Qinghong’s words had managed to somewhat assuage the panic that had seized Mu Yurou’s heart, “That’s right... The Golden Crow Divine Spirit regards Che’er so highly, so it definitely won’t be stingy with its divine power. Che’er will definitely return safe and sound.”


 “Heh heh, of course,” Yun Qinghong laughed as he nodded his head. But at the same time, a somber heaviness flashed in the depths of his eyes.


 He was very clear regarding Yun Che’s abnormal recovery ability... but this time, he was so badly wounded that they had not even brought him back home first. They had instead directly gone to Golden Crow Lightning Flame Valley.


 The injuries he sustained this time were definitely extremely vicious...
Emerging from the sanctum of Nøv€lß¡n☆, this essence holds secrets untold.

 What exactly had happened over in the Profound Sky Continent?


 “Right! Father, Mother, I found Grandfather when I went to the Profound Sky Continent.”


 Xiao Yun quickly strode towards Xiao Lie’s side and supported him over before speaking to Yun Qinghong and Mu Yurou once more, “This is my grandfather by blood. It was also Grandfather who raised Big Brother up into a man. Grandfather, these are my parents in the Illusory Demon Realm, they have raised me for more than twenty years and they have treated me as their very own. In my heart, I have always regarded them as my real parents.”


 Xiao Lie measured the couple before making a light bow, “At the risk of being presumptuous, I must say that I, Xiao Lie, will never be able to return the favor you have done me by raising Yun’er.”


 Xiao Lie did not receive a reply for a long time after he spoke. From the moment Xiao Yun introduced him, Yun Qinghong’s body had shaken before he stood there completely petrified. His eyes dazedly stared at Xiao Lie as they trembled and his body was so tense that it kept trembling.


 “Father?” Xiao Yun gazed questioningly at the Yun Qinghong who suddenly seemed to lose all his vigor.


 Thump!!


 Yun Qinghong fell to his knees with a heavy thump as he knelt in front of Xiao Lie.


 “Father!!” Xiao Yun cried out as in great shock.


 “Ah! Pat... Patriarch!!” The gathered elders and disciples of the Yun Family cried as they all went white with shock.


 Xiao Lie was so shocked that he had instinctively retreated half a step. But after that, he hurriedly sprang forward and extended a hand to help him off the ground, “This... What you are doing... this is not something that you should be doing!”


 But even though he used all of his strength, Yun Qinghong’s knees were rooted to the ground and he did not move in the slightest. Beside him, Mu Yurou had also knelt down, her eyes shining with tears.


 “Senior Xiao...” Yun Qinghong but his tiger eyes were already streaming with tears, “I, Yun Qinghong, have wronged you... It was I who caused Brother Xiao Ying to meet such a calamity during his heroic years. It was I who caused your family to break down, separating all of you for more than twenty years... But not only did you not hold any resentment or hatred towards us, you even treated Che’er as your own flesh and blood, personally raising him for more than ten years, allowing my family to finally be reunited...”


 “Even if I have lived past ten lives, I, Yun Qinghong, will still be unable to repay the debt of guilt I owe you. I will still have not repaid the great favor you have done for us...”


 When Yun Qinghong had personally heard from Yun Che that Xiao Ying had died more than twenty years ago, he was in such agony and grief that he wished that he was dead. The boundless gratitude and guilt he felt towards Xiao Ying had left an extremely deep knot in his heart. So when he saw Xiao Lie today, all of the emotions that had piled up in his heart exploded forth like rushing river. This Yun Family patriarch, who was deeply respected and admired by far too many people, was crying like a child in front of this weak and fragile-looking old man.


 Mu Yurou was crying along with him because she was very clear on just how much pain he bore in his heart. Now that Xiao Ying’s father was in front of them, he was finally able to vent that pain out.


 The rims of Xiao Lie’s eyes had also grown wet. He was face to face with the patriarch of the most exalted family in the Illusory Demon Realm, a family whose status was comparable with the unparalleled Sacred Grounds of the Profound Sky Continent. But such a person was actually kneeling down before him, an old man who could not be any more ordinary, in front of everyone... This sentiment was as heavy as a mountain. He now finally and completely understood why his son Xiao Ying would be willing to go to such an extent for this man all those years ago.


 “Please rise... Please quickly rise.” Xiao Lie tried to pull the couple off the ground time and again. He said tearfully, “What happened all those years ago was never your fault, so how could you owe us? My son Xiao Ying died for the sake of friendship and he died with no regrets or complaints and I have never borne even a shred of hatred or resentment towards the both of you either. Today, Yun’er and Che’er have all grown into men who have achieved remarkable things so everything in the past have turned into so much fog and smoke. Why should we still allow them to weigh down on our hearts?”


 Xiao Lie not only did not blame or resent them in the least. He instead strove to encourage them to not torment themselves over such a thing. A multitude of emotions surged in Yun Qinghong’s heart and for a time, he wept without being able to make a sound. Afterwards, he kowtowed heavily towards Xiao Lie.


 The gathered members of the Yun Family, who were gathered behind, could finally figure out that the person Xiao Yun was kneeling to was actually the person who had raised Yun Che in the Profound Sky Continent. In the next moment, all of them stopped kicking up a ruckus as every one of them felt a deep respect for Xiao Lie.


 “Senior Xiao.” Yun Qinghong’s every word resounded like the clang of metal, “Xiao Ying and I are brothers, so Xiao Ying’s father is also my father. My blood father was harmed by villains and he also passed on to the west so I am unable to perform my filial duties towards him. But from now on, you will be my father and I, Yun Qinghong, will be your son... If I am ever unfilial to you, may it not be tolerated by the heavens or the earth!”


 “Most respected father, please accept this kowtow from your children.” Yun Qinghong’s attitude was extremely serious as he kowtowed along with Mu Yurou.


 Even though Yun Qinghong was far older than Xiao Lie when it came to age, this scene was not the least bit inappropriate and everyone present all felt the rims of theirs eyes grow wet.


 Tears coursed from Xiao Lie’s aged eyes. He did not reject Yun Qinghong’s gesture and accepted the kowtow from the couple. After that, he extended a hand to help both of them off the ground, “Good, good children, hurry up and rise...”


 This time, Yun Qinghong was finally willing to be helped off the ground.


 “This is simply splendid!” Xiao Yun said as he felt his nose crinkle with emotion. “The spirit of Father in heaven will definitely be very joyful and appreciative of this... Ah, right, besides Grandfather, I also have a little aunt.”


 “Father, Mother, this is my little aunt, her name is Xiao Lingxi.” Xiao Yun pointed towards Xiao Lingxi as he introduced her.


 “Oh you, how can you be so impudent and actually address a senior by her name.” Yun Qinghong rebuked Xiao Yun with a smile as he wiped away the tears on his face. After that, he spoke to Xiao Lingxi in a peaceable manner, “Miss Xiao, I have often heard Che’er mention you. I am truly unable to express the gratitude in my heart for the abundant care and concern that you have shown towards him while the two of you were growing up. From today onwards, you are my, Yun Qinghong’s, own sister. So if anything ever happens, you must definitely not be too polite with your big brother over here.”


 When Xiao Lingxi had first seen Yun Che’s real parents, she was filled with a nervous apprehension. Just as she had thought of how to greet and address them, Yun Qinghong’s “from today onwards, you will be my own sister,” completely stunned her. Her beautiful eyes widened as her heart was thrown into turmoil. To acknowledge those words would be bad but to not acknowledge those words would not be good either. So she stood in place, stumbling over words that she could not utter.


 The senses that only women possessed allowed Mu Yurou to vaguely figure out the reason for Xiao Lingxi’s appearance. She gave a faint smile as she strode forward and clasped Xiao Lingxi’s hands intimately. After that, she rolled her eyes exaggeratedly at Yun Qinghong, “Look at you, she is still a small and little girl but the old man that you are wants to immediately make her your sister. You’re making this little girl feel old.”


 As she looked at Xiao Lingxi, Mu Yurou’s expression immediately turned warm and genial, “Lingxi, you don’t need to bother with him. From now on, you can treat this place as your own home as well. If you need anything, feel free to let me know about it, you definitely mustn’t be too considerate towards me. As for how to address me, if you want to call me sister, then call me sister. If you want to call me aunt, then call me aunt. You don’t need to follow what these men have decided on their own.”


 Yun Qinghong was utterly baffled by Mu Yurou’s glare so he had no choice but to shut up and not speak any further.


 “Yes... Au... Aunt.” After her hands had been clasped by Yun Che’s mother, Xiao Lingxi turned even more nervous and she confusedly addressed her as aunt.


 This greeting caused Mu Yurou to beam on the inside. At this moment, her gaze was suddenly drawn to one particular girl. She stood quietly in her spot, the profound strength surrounding her body was faint and weak but she exuded a gentle refinement and nobility that was hard to describe. Furthermore, this air of nobility was definitely not something an ordinary family could cultivate and from all the girls that she had met in her lifetime, only the Little Demon Empress had made her feel this way.


 As they had just arrived in a strange world and had just arrived at the Yun Family, most of the newcomers were apprehensive and reserved. Only she was unperturbed and tranquil, looking as picturesque as an elegant painting.


 “And whom might this lady be?” Mu Yurou had been captivated for a brief moment before asking that straightforward question.


 “Hehe.” Number Seven Under Heaven giggled as she said in a happy and bubbly tone, “Father, Mother, didn’t the both of you keep talking about that princess daughter-in-law that you hadn’t met yet? She is standing right in front of you right now.”


 “Ah... Could it be that she is...” Mu Yurou said with a startled little cry. Yun Qinghong’s gaze also settled on Cang Yue as surprise flashed in his eyes.


 Cang Yue strode forward and made a deep bow, “Daughter-in-law Cang Yue greets Father and Mother.”


 Now that Mu Yurou had finally seen the daughter-in-law that she had pined for day and night, she hurriedly strode forward to help Cang Yue up. She measured Cang Yue at a glance and she was so excited that she was at a loss for what to do, “Good child... Ah look at this mother over here, I even forgot to prepare a greeting present for you...”


 “You just need to prepare another greeting present then. Mother, I have another secret to tell you,” Number Seven Under Heaven said with a lovable smile. “Sister-in-law isn’t a princess anymore. She is the current empress of Blue Wind Nation and she is renowned throughout the entire Profound Sky Continent. She is simply too awesome.”


 “Hahahaha!” Yun Qinghong let out a great laugh as he sighed in a heartfelt manner, “You are indeed a girl that has caught Che’er’s eye. Che’er is truly a lucky man.”


 “As father and mother, we were unable to be present on the day of your wedding... Child, we have truly wronged you,” Mu Yurou said in an affectionate voice as she looked at Cang Yue. The more she looked at her, the more she felt like Cang Yue was truly a rare specimen and that even the heavens would have very few of her ilk.


 Cang Yue gently shook her head, “Being able to become Husband’s wife is Cang Yue’s greatest fortune in life, so why would I feel even the least bit aggrieved? Today, I have finally managed to meet Father and Mother, thus resolving a great wish of mine. From today onwards, I will wait on you and show my filial piety towards you along with Husband.”


 “Ah, such a good child.” Mu Yurou was so overjoyed that hot tears touched her eyes but she did not forget that there were other guests as well. She looked towards the gathered ladies of Frozen Cloud Asgard who were standing in the back and despite her extensive life experience, she had never once seen so many rare beauties with outstanding temperaments gathered together in her life. Just a single glance already threatened to completely dazzle her. After that, she asked in a hesitant and unsure voice, “These ladies, they wouldn’t happen to be... Che’er’s concubines, right?”


 Even though the number was rather exaggerated, given the fact that his formal wife was an empress, finding several thousand concubines did not seem to be too far-fetched. Was there not a saying that went something like “the imperial harem is filled with three thousand beauties...”


 ————————————————


 Author’s Note:


 Wha? What’d I write in this chapter? Why do I not remember it at all?

