

Chapter 978 - Dragon Queen and Goddess?

  

 “Speaking of which, wouldn’t it mean... that the Great Realm King is a really scary person?” Yun Che thought to himself, unaware that he had asked out loud.


 When he said that Mu Hanyi was “scary,” he had been scoffed at by Mu Xiaolan. However, when he asked about the Great Realm King, Mu Xiaolan blinked and carefully replied, “She does... seem a bit scary. I was lucky enough to see the Great Realm King once. Even though it was really brief, it felt like someone really heavy was pressing down on my body. I couldn’t breathe at all. That kind of feeling is a bit scary. I didn’t recover from it for many days after that.


 Yun Che, “...”


 “Also, I heard that when the Great Realm King gets angry, she’ll become really terrifying. When she got angry once several thousand years ago, she completely froze ten percent of the Snow Song Realm in ice and extinguished many countries. A thousand years ago, when Master’s life and death was uncertain, the Great Realm King severely injured all of the Flame God Realm’s three great sect masters on their territory and even completely destroyed thirteen little star realms that the Flame God Realm controlled... If it weren’t for the fact that Master recovered her memories and power, the consequences would’ve been even more scary.”


 “Ssss...” Yun Che sucked in a cold breath... F*ck! So f*cking scary! Freezing a tenth of the Snow Song Realm is already horrifying enough but destroying thirteen little star realms... this motherf*...


 Those who take lives as though they were grass were all brutal to the extreme but just being unhappy meant a destroyed star realm... wouldn’t it mean that taking lives would be as easy as blowing?


 A ten thousand year old spinster... was sure enough an extremely terrifying creature. Her soul definitely had to be twisted and her mind had to be abnormal!


 Caiyi’s hundred years of being a widow caused her temperament to become somewhat extreme... Ten thousand years.... That was simply unimaginable!


 “Ah! W-w-why does it sound like I’m bad-mouthing the Great Realm King!” Mu Xiaolan was frightened by her own words. She fiercely shook her head and quickly denied it, “The Great Realm King isn’t scary at all. Instead... instead it should be said that she has the power she ought to have. The Great Realm King is also an amazing person. To date, our Snow Song Realm has almost nine hundred thousand years of history and the Great Real King is the only person who has reached the Divine Master Realm in all of those years. It is also because of the Great Realm King that our Snow Song Realm’s position increased by a lot and those star realms around us didn’t dare to offend us during these ten thousand years.”


 Divine Master Realm... Yun Che subconsciously shook his head, sighing inwardly. This was the highest realm within the Seven Divine Profound Realms Mu Bingyun had mentioned before. It was a supreme realm enough to rule the world.


 But to Yun Che, who viewed the Divine Tribulation Realm as an extravagant hope, that realm was much too indiscernible. He was unable to imagine how strong a person would be after reaching such a realm... Perhaps they really were gods among humans, able to easily move stars and moons, able to destroy worlds.


 As for Jasmine who had the identity of a star god, she was also in that kind of illusory realm.
The birth of this content finds its genesis in Nøv€lß¡n★

 In the Blue Pole Star, he was at the summit of the current era. But it was only when he came to the God Realm that he discovered how minuscule he really was. Jasmine however, was still that supreme of an existence.


 He had actually been together with that kind of Jasmine day and night for an entire seven years. Thinking back to the seven years he was with Jasmine now seemed like a dream.


 “Also, the Great Realm King is a famous beauty within the God Realm, you know.” Mu Xiaolan’s eyes lit up with deep longing.


 “Eh? Beauty?” Yun Che was a bit astonished.


 “Of course.” Mu Xiaolan’s expression became a bit misty as she continued in a low voice, “I once thought that Senior Sister Feixue was the most beautiful person I’ve ever seen in my entire life. Then, because of Master, I was lucky enough to see the Great Realm King. It was then that I realized that someone could be so beautiful that they looked like... hmm, like a dream. Even though I’ve never seen the legendary Dragon Queen and Goddess, I’m confident that the Great Realm King is no less inferior.”


 “Dragon Queen and Goddess? What’s that?” asked a certain person who knew nothing about the God Realm.


 “Mn? You seriously don’t even know who the Dragon Queen and Goddess...” Mu Xiaolan came to her senses as she shifted her gaze. “Oh! I almost forgot that you’re a bumpkin who just came to the God Realm.”


 Yun Che, “...”


 “I’ll tell you since I’m your senior sister. The Dragon Queen and Goddess, you see, are two peerless goddesses that no one in the God Realm doesn’t know about. Everything about them gets circulated within the God Realm. If the heavens were to dote on everyone in this word, sixty percent of that would be bestowed to the Dragon Queen and Goddess.”


 “It’s that exaggerated?” Even though didn’t believe it, he was still really curious about them


 “The Goddess, you see, is in our Eastern Divine Region,” Mu Xiaolan said with some pride on her face. “Brahma Monarch God Realm is the head of the four great king realms and she is their realm king’s daughter. Everyone calls her the Brahma Monarch Goddess. It has been said that she has gold eyes hair and eyes and a face so celestial no word in the God Realm was able to describe it. It is beautiful to the point where even the stars up above would go dim. There are so many men... and they are all super powerful people too, that are willing to die for her and would die without regrets.


 “Tch.” Yun Che secretly curled his lips, looking down on the men that had never seen the world. He had seen many beauties and all his wives were various peerless beauties as well. Though this was the God Realm... even if a woman’s face was even better looking, she would never win against his Xue’er and Caiyi.


 “It’s not just that. She has the highest innate talent the Brahma Monarch God Realm has seen in its million years of history. When she was only nine years old, she completed the successor ceremony and it was the most perfect and complete fit. In the current Brahma Monarch Realm, the fame of the Brahma Monarch Goddess has almost surpassed the fame of the Brahma Monarch Realm King. It has also been said that her cultivation is not far from the Brahma Monarch Realm King’s either. It is simply a miracle the heavens have bestowed upon the Eastern Divine Region.”


 “As for the Dragon Queen, she is Western Divine Region’s most... Ah! Master!”


 The two had unwittingly already come back to the Ice Phoenix Palace. Mu Bingyun silently stood before the doors of the thirty sixth palace in silence within the snow. Like the snow fairy of myths, her snow body was a saintly beauty that caused one to not dare sully it with their eyes.


 “Master, when did you come back?” Mu Xiaolan stopped her explanation and quickly came before Mu Bingyun. She also didn’t forget to tattle on Yun Che. “Master, Junior Brother Yun Che caused big trouble again! If we didn’t just happen to run into Senior Brother Hanyi, I don’t even know what we would’ve done.”


 “I know.” Mu Bingyun nodded slightly, “I had always been beside you.”


 “Ah?” Mu Xiaolan gaped.


 “Or else why would you think I would dare mess with Mu Yizhou? It’s not like I’m someone who seeks death.” Yun Che explained as though it was natural. “Even if Mu Hanyi didn’t appear, Master would. And if Master appeared, it definitely would’ve turned out way better than Mu Hanyi.


 “Hah?” Mu Xiaolan was thoroughly stunned. “Master, Junior Brother Yun Che, you...”


 “Yun Che has never left the Ice Phoenix Palace in three months. After sensing that his aura suddenly left in a hurry and to Freezing Snow Hall too, I thought that it ought to be an urgent matter so I accompanied him.” Mu Bingyun’s snowy eyes glanced at Yun Che with deep meaning.


 “...” It took a long while before Mu Xiaolan’s mouth closed. Then, she mumbled in a small voice, “Master, you treat him so well.”


 “Yun Che, come over.” Mu Bingyun stated.


 “Yes.” Yun Che answered as he came over and arrived before Mu Bingyun.


 Mu Bingyun reached out with a snowy hand and gently pressed a jade finger at his chest before quickly moving away. A hidden astonishment flashed deep within her eyes and she then said, “Xiaolan, Yun Che, in the next seven days, you will remain within the cultivation rooms. But instead of cultivating, focus on gathering energy. After seven days, both your profound and soul strengths will reach their most perfect states.”


 Yun Che didn’t understand but Mu Xiaolan was overjoyed. “Could it be...”


 A light smile rose on Mu Bingyun’s lips. “Yes, Sect Master has finally decided that disciples of Ice Phoenix Palace can enter the Heavenly Netherfrost Lake in seven days. By now, all the Ice Phoenix Palaces should have received this news.”


 “That’s wonderful!” Mu Xiaolan bounced around like a little rabbit as excitement bloomed on her little face. “I didn’t dare to believe it when Master said that three months ago. But I never expected... for it to be true.”


 “Heavenly Netherfrost Lake... what’s that?” asked the country bumpkin from the lower realms.


 “Yun Che, do you remember the Ancient God Burying Inferno Prison I mentioned to you before?” Mu Bingyun asked.


 Yun Che nodded, “I do. That place has an ancient horned dragon that’s at least several hundred thousand years old and below that is the flame vein left behind by the Era of Gods...”


 When he said to there, Yun Che somewhat understood. “Could it be that below the Heavenly Netherfrost Lake...”


 “Right.” Mu Bingyun lightly nodded. “Our Snow Song Realm also has a divine vein left behind by the Era of Gods, a cold vein that goes against the Flame God Realm’s flame vein. This cold vein is the reason for the climate of the Snow Song Realm and after a long period of time, it give rise to the Heavenly Netherfrost Lake.


 The power of the Snow Song Realm’s first ancestor originates from this cold vein. From the recollections the ancestor left behind in the records, it is extremely probably that this cold vein was left behind by the Primordial Divine Ice Phoenix and the Heavenly Netherfrost Lake was where it lived. If that is all true, then the Snow Song Realm ought to have been the territory of the Ice Phoenix Gods back in the Era of Gods.”


 “I see.” Yun Che said with a thoughtful look.


 “But compared to the five hundred thousand kilometer wide Ancient God Burying Inferno Prison in the Flame God Realm, our Snow Song Realm’s Heavenly Netherfrost Lake is much smaller. It is only fifteen kilometers wide, not even ten thousandth the size of the Ancient God Burying Inferno Prison. The cold vein is also much weaker. Once the water of the Heavenly Netherfrost Lake has been contaminated or its cold energy absorbed, the purification and restoration process takes a long period of time. Because of that, the Heavenly Netherfrost Lake is rarely opened. Even if it is the elders and palace masters, they would only be permitted to enter if they are confronted with a break through.


 “As for disciples, only disciples of the Divine Hall and the top disciples at that too, are allowed to occasionally enter. That is probably the highest reward bestowed by the sect. For Ice Phoenix Palace disciples however, this is perhaps the first time it has happened. Moreover, every palace is allowed to select one hundred of their most outstanding disciples.” A complex look flashed past Mu Bingyun’s face.


 Their thirty sixth palace only had Yun Che and Mu Xiaolan as disciples so they didn’t have to pick.


 “Oh.” Yun Che nodded. It was no wonder Mu Xiaolan would get excited to such a state. “Why are Ice Phoenix Palace disciples allowed to enter this time... and in such a large amount?”


 “I’m curious about that too,” Mu Xiaolan chimed in.


 Mu Bingyun actually looked at him. “You ought to have a vague guess, right?”


 “The Voice of Eternal Heaven?” Yun Che asked.


 Even if they cultivated for another thousand years, a ten thousand year old expert would not make much progress. However, those peak profound practitioners below the age of sixty cultivating for a thousand years inside the Eternal Heaven Pearl would unquestionably advance many levels, giving the Eastern Divine Region a thousand more peerless experts. The Eternal Heaven Realm that rarely allowed others to get a share of the Eternal Heaven Pearl power is actually not hesitating to nurture profound practitioners from other realms, so our Song Snow Realm is also not hesitating to use the Heavenly Netherfrost Lake’s power. Even though we still do not know what’s hidden behind it, if we don’t prepare as soon as possible, it would be too late when the time comes.”


 Yun Che, “...”


 “It’s also because of the Voice of Eternal Heaven that the sect master has shifted the direct disciple selection to a much earlier date. The core reason for opening the Heavenly Netherfrost Lake in seven days is to select a direct disciple. But this has nothing to do with you two. What you have to do is to not waste any second within the Heavenly Netherfrost Lake. It is unlikely that this kind of opportunity will come a second time.”

