

Chapter 1664 - Her Loss

 “Let’s go!”


 Before Yun Che could get close or ask a question, without addressing the Burning Moon God Emperor even once throughout the process, Chi Wuyao levitated Qianye Ying’er’s still body into the air and flew away in an instant.


 Chanyi and Yun Wu exchanged a glance with each other before chasing after their queen.


 “Forgive me, but this king will not be seeing you out all the way.” The Burning Moon God Emperor’s majestic voice traveled fifty kilometers to reach his guests.
Ñ00v€l--ß1n hosted the premiere release of this chapter.

 Suddenly, the Devil Queen turned around to look at him just before she disappeared completely into the horizon.


 He couldn’t sense any pressure, coldness, ridicule, or anger from her eyes... in fact, he couldn’t sense any emotion at all.


 “Hmph!” Fen Daozang said in a low voice, “They must be delusional to think that a level eight Divine Master would be enough to challenge our god emperor.”


 “...” The Burning Moon God Emperor didn’t say anything. He didn’t look like he was enjoying the fact that he had finally taken the Devil Queen down a peg for the first time in his life either.


 Although Qianye Ying’er had made a series of bewildering movements throughout the short fight, he hadn’t forgotten the sudden pressure he felt when she unleashed her strength.


 Still, now wasn’t the time to think about such things.


 The fact that Yun Che bore the power of a devil emperor, and the miraculous transformation he caused within the Soul Stealing Realm... both were unprecedented matters that could rewrite the power structure of the Northern Divine Region completely!


 “Recall all our Moon Eaters,” he ordered. “Tell them to drop everything and return immediately!”


 Meanwhile, the darkness profound ark was flying back to the Soul Stealing Realm at top speed.


 Inside a room, Chi Wuyao gently put Qianye Ying’er on a bed... from the beginning, she had purposely kept Yun Che from touching Qianye Ying’er, not until they had left the Burning Moon Realm completely.


 Qianye Ying’er was still unconscious even after they had left the Burning Moon Realm, but it made no sense to Yun Che. Neither her injuries nor her loss of energy were serious enough to knock her out in the first place, much less keep her in an unconscious state for so long.


 “What’s going on?” Of course, Yun Che noticed that Chi Wuyao was intentionally keeping him from touching Qianye Ying’er. However, he didn’t disobey her and examine Qianye Ying’er by force.


 After nearly a year of association, an unconscious bond of trust had taken form between the three of them.


 This was especially true after Yun Che had killed Zhou Qingchen and crushed Zhou Xuzi’s spirit.


 It was also why neither of them showed their surprise despite being completely caught off guard by Chi Wuyao’s announcement to make Yun Che the new ruler of the Soul Stealing Realm.


 Chi Wuyao turned around to face him. She said slowly, “Her child... is gone.”


 “...” Yun Che froze for three full breaths before he finally managed to turn his neck. “What... did you just say?”


 “You may check her yourself.” Chi Wuyao stepped away from Qianye Ying’er before exhaling slowly.


 Yun Che walked up to Qianye Ying’er and placed a finger on Qianye Ying’er’s chest. The moment he released his profound energy and consciousness, he froze as if time had stopped for him.


 Both he and Qianye Ying’er were people who had transformed into demons of vengeance.


 Most of their “sessions” were for the sake of cultivation only, not to mention that they both took the necessary precautions to prevent even the slightest chance of an accident from happening. They hated each other’s guts, after all.


 At Qianye Ying’er’s cultivation level, it was literally impossible to impregnate her if she was unwilling.


 And knowing her stance and her hatred for him, he couldn’t think of any reason why she would allow something like this to happen!


 “The child’s life force was weak. It was conceived two weeks ago at most,” Chi Wuyao said.


 Yun Che’s vision blurred all of a sudden!


 Two weeks ago... It was the day he killed Zhou Qingchen, the day they did it on this very ship!


 It was also the most active and craziest Qianye Ying’er had ever been of all their love-making sessions.


 “But why would she...” Yun Che muttered unconsciously.


 Slap!


 Suddenly, Yun Che felt something slapping his hand away hard from Qianye Ying’er’s chest.


 The woman in question slowly opened her eyes and sat up on the bed. Her face was still deathly pale, but her eyes had regained their usual frigidness.


 “Hmph. I apologize for making the two of you witness something this unsightly,” Qianye Ying’er said indifferently before rising to her feet. “The reason I didn’t allow it to take physical form is so that I can dispel it anytime I want to. So this is fine... no, this is the best possible outcome I could have hoped for.”


 “...Are you okay?” Chi Wuyao’s voice was barely louder than a whisper.


 “What are you talking about?” Qianye Ying’er replied in the same indifferent voice. “We’re on the verge of conquering the Yama Realm and the Burning Moon Realm. It would be... incredibly foolish of me to allow a burden like this to weigh me down when there is so much to do so quickly.”


 “I was going to dispel it myself before we traveled to the Yama Realm anyway.”


 Chi Wuyao: “...”


 Qianye Ying’er shot Yun Che a glance before saying, “I was so busy venting myself that I forgot to take the usual precautions that day. Don’t worry. I will not allow the same mistake to happen again.”


 Yun Che didn’t say anything.


 “Chi Wuyao, I apologize for making you lose face just now... I will make up for it.”


 Finally done, Qianye Ying’er turned away and walked out of the room.


 A long silence later, just when Chi Wuyao was about to step out of the room herself, after a sigh.


 “I suppose... that this is the best outcome,” Yun Che whispered seemingly to himself.


 “...” Chi Wuyao froze in her tracks, her chest rising and falling visibly in that moment.


 “Yun Che.” Chi Wuyao spoke up suddenly. Her voice was soft, gentle, and immeasurably sorrowful. “I know that your heart is filled with infinite pain and hatred. I know that vengeance is your only goal and obsession. I also know that you will not allow yourself to feel anything besides those two things.”


 “But even then... even if every corner of your soul is overflowing with hatred, I still hope that you won’t allow it to devour your heart completely.”


 She slowly turned around and looked at Yun Che. Then, in a voice so quiet it was almost inaudible, she whispered, “As tragic as the fate of your daughter may be, she at least had the chance to be born in this world and enjoy your unreserved love.”


 Yun Che: “...”


 “That wasn’t an accident that day. And it was a selfish motive that had driven her to do such a thing.” Chi Wuyao continued, “But she wasn’t being selfish for herself. She was being selfish, for you.”


 “She didn’t want you to die.”


 Chi Wuyao finally left the room, leaving Yun Che to stare blankly into nothing for a very, very long time.


 Some time later, Yun Che walked out of the room and traced Qianye Ying’er’s aura to the stern. The woman was staring at the infinite darkness ahead of her in silence.


 “Are you here to reprimand me?” Qianye Ying’er shot him a sideways glance when she noticed his approach. She quickly turned away and said, “I accept that it was my mistake this time. I already told you that it was a mistake I won’t make a second time. The Burning Moon God Emperor... I will make him pay for this.”


 Yun Che didn’t say anything. He simply stared at her as if his eyes were glued to her person.


 “... ?” Qianye Ying’er turned around in puzzlement and saw the strange look in his eyes. She frowned a little and asked, “What’s wrong? Are you still angry?”


 “How do you know I’m angry?” Yun Che asked using an emotionless voice.


 “Is there anyone else who knows you better than I do right now?” Qianye Ying’er responded without thinking. It was true though.


 “Frankly,” Yun Che replied, “I’m more surprised than angry right now.”


 “Surprised? Heh! You can’t possibly be thinking that I intended for this to happen, did you?”


 Qianye Ying’er turned back toward the rapidly receding darkness in front of her and said, “Forget it. It doesn’t matter anymore. You’re free to think whatever you want.”


 “Does it though? Does it really not matter?” Yun Che asked in an emotionless voice again.


 Qianye Ying’er sneered as if he was telling her a joke. “How else do you want me to react? Cry like a weak and useless woman? Are you kidding me?”


 She narrowed her eyes into slits and glared swords at him. “It’s a bit embarrassing, but a resolution is a resolution nonetheless. I’m finally free of the worry that’s been plaguing me for the past few days.”


 “Speaking of which, are you still going to take that risk alone at the Yama Realm?” she asked suddenly.


 “I have my considerations. You need not worry excessively.”


 Yun Che turned away and left right after he said that.


 After he walked a considerable distance away from Qianye Ying’er, he suddenly stopped moving and withdrew his aura. His aura and his person grew fainter and fainter until he vanished completely as if he had turned invisible.


 He walked in the opposite direction he came, and it wasn’t long before Qianye Ying’er appeared in his sight once more.


 Cold wind howled against their ears as the profound ark flew, and Qianye Ying’er’s golden hair was the most beautiful part of the dark scenery around them.


 The woman hadn’t moved a muscle since he left. She didn’t notice Yun Che’s return either. It was almost as if time itself had stopped for her.


 Although the lighting in this environment was far from excellent, Yun Che stared intently at Qianye Ying’er as if she was the only thing that exists in front of him. This was the first time he had watched her this closely.


 A long time later, Yun Che turned away and got ready to leave... he was in mid-revolution when Qianye Ying’er suddenly lowered herself to the ground and curled into a ball.


 Both her knees were touching the ground. It was a posture she despised deeply due to its inherent meaning, and she normally never allowed herself to assume it unless absolutely necessary.


 But Qianye Ying’er didn’t get back up to her feet. Clutching herself tightly and bathing in the frigid winds of hell, she shook violently like a leaf that was being battered by a tornado.


 Drip!


 Drip!


 Drip!


 The sound of her tears hitting her palm were practically inaudible, but Yun Che felt like someone was hitting his heart with a hammer every time they landed.


 Qianye Ying’er slowly raised her hands and stared at them. Her vision was blurry, but her hands were practically drenched in tears in just the blink of an eye. No matter how hard she clenched her teeth and tried to hold back the tears, they poured out of her eyes rapidly like they were endless.


 “Why...”


 She muttered to herself in confusion...


 She was free. She didn’t need to worry or struggle on the inside over it anymore. It was... a mistake that should never have happened in the first place.


 So why am I hurting so much?


 Why am I crying?


 Why am I... like this...


 What’s happening to me...


 Her chin was pressed so tightly against her chest it could’ve sank into the flesh. She hugged herself with all her might so that none of her sobs could escape her throat. Yun Che would notice otherwise.


 “As tragic as the fate of your daughter may be, she at least had the chance to be born in this world and enjoy your unreserved love.”


 “She didn’t want you to die...”


 Yun Che clenched his fist tighter and tighter.


 He withdrew his gaze and walked away in silence. Still concealed, he walked to the bow and stared into the darkness for a long time.


 ............


 “Help me... take revenge.”


 “Please... grant me your slave imprint once more. I am willing to be your slave... forever!”


 “You won’t regret this.”


 “Qianye Ying’er is already dead. Right now, only Yun Qianying exists in this world!”


 “You think you can wipe away the sin and regret of your failure to protect your daughter by treating Yun Shang well? You think you can use her to fill the hole in your heart? Then I can tell you that it’s impossible! It will never happen! This is a mistake on top of a mistake!”


 “What you should be doing right now, the only thing you can do, is take revenge for her! You just discarded all of your weaknesses and burdens, and now you’re going to create a new one for yourself? Heh...”


 “It’s true that I’m your tool, but don’t forget that you’re my tool as well! You can be stupid, but I can stop you from being stupid!”


 ............


 Yun Che muttered to himself in a daze. “You are the one who made me sever all my emotions and wiped away my final hesitation and weakness...”


 “So why are you also the one who...”


 He closed his eyes and jumped off the ship. Then, he left the darkness profound ark and flew in the opposite direction it was heading.


 Once the darkness profound ark had left his senses, Yun Che canceled his concealment technique and sped up in a burst of darkness. Residing in his eyes was the darkest light since the day he entered the Northern Divine Region.


 His eyes were set... on the Burning Moon Realm!

