

Chapter 903 - Eternal Night Heavenly Devil Miasma

  

 “Very good, this is very good indeed. It should be as lively as this. It is only when it’s like this that it truly becomes the Heavenly Sovereign Conference, hahahahahaha!”


 Xuanyuan Wentian threw his head back and let out a great laugh. It was as if he felt that the more people who rebelled against him, the better.


 “Feng Hengkong, this sovereign truly wishes that your Phoenix God was still alive today. If that was the case, then this sovereign would be able to personally enjoy the thrill of killing a god!” As he was laughing wildly, Xuanyuan Wentian suddenly let out a low roar, “Is there anyone else!? Who else desires to rebel against this sovereign!? All of you come out now!”


 Clang!!


 All of the Divine Phoenix Sect members who were present brandished swords made of Phoenix flames. Over two thousand clusters of strong and weak Phoenix flames started to burn, radiating an oppressive might which made it hard for anyone who was present at the Sea God Arena to breathe. Feng Zukui rushed forward first, the tip of his word pointing towards Xuanyuan Wentian. His ancient voice rang throughout the entire empty Supreme Ocean Palace, “Those who are afraid of death can get lost now! Xuanyuan Wentian, it doesn’t matter if our blood paints the ground today, because you will never ever enslave our Divine Phoenix Sect!!”


 The Divine Phoenix Sect had just taken its greatest tumble in its entire history just a few years ago... and this tumble had been caused by the hands of Yun Che. It just so happened that Feng Xue’er had deeply-rooted feelings for Yun Che, so in the end, Feng Hengkong, Feng Tianwei and Feng Zukui, the Divine Phoenix Sect Masters of the past three generations, had all accepted this matter, even though this meant that the majority of the Divine Phoenix Sect would fall into Yun Che’s hands after he married Feng Xue’er.


 They had not accepted this purely because of Feng Xue’er’s feelings for Yun Che. It was also because they and the rest of the disciples in the sect, while resenting and fearing Yun Che, also felt a sense of admiration and amazement towards him in the depths of their hearts. Even though they had torn down their sect gates and given up Princess Snow and even though they still held resentment towards Yun Che deep in their hearts, it had become easier and easier to accept what had happened.


 At least he was a person and he was a person who had far more guts than the average man at that.


 Xuanyuan Wentian on the other hand... He was merely a crazy dog who had even lost all semblance of humanity once he had obtained great power.


 Even if resistance basically meant death, they would definitely not allow the Divine Phoenix Sect to become slaves under the feet of Xuanyuan Wentian!


 The gathered profound practitioners of Absolute Monarch Sanctuary had also all floated into the air. Immediately, thousands of scorching hot or icy cold killing intents locked firmly onto Xuanyuan Wentian as thousands of powerful individuals unleashed their auras at the same time, causing the flow of energy in the Sea God Arena to be thrown into complete disarray as their surroundings became fiercely warped.


 Those people whose profound strength was slightly weaker, especially those from the various great royal houses or merchant guilds, were all so frightened that they were cowering in their seats, their bodies trembling and shaking.


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s indifferent gaze swept over them, his eyes were so contemptuous that it seemed as if he was looking at a bunch of bugs who did not know their own strength. His eyes slanted towards Qu Fengyi as he spoke in an indifferent tone, “Qu Fengyi, have you managed to clean up your own household yet?”


 Qu Fengyi swiftly replied, “Heavenly Sovereign, please be abate your anger, I guarantee that not a single person in Supreme Ocean Palace will dare to...”


 “Xuanyuan Wentian!” Before the Sovereign of the Seas Qu Fengyi could finish speaking, a flash of purple light had erupted from Zi Ji as his sword pierced towards Xuanyuan Wentian’s throat, “Die!!”


 It was clear that Zi Ji was sending himself to his death when he thrust his sword towards Xuanyuan Wentian. Perhaps, this attack was made not so much because of his hatred towards Xuanyuan Wentian but more because of his despair and disappointment towards Qu Fengyi.


 “Ss... top!!”


 Qu Fengyi shouted in great shock but she was basically too late to stop the attack from happening.


 “Hmph, you can’t even settle a household affair as simple as this, so what do I still need you for?” Xuanyuan Wentian’s mouth curled up as one of the hands hidden within his voluminous robes suddenly moved and arched into a claw... However, this claw was not pointed at Zi Ji but Qu Fengyi.


 Crack!!


 A pitch-black sword beam tore a long rent through space and before Zi Ji could even approach Xuanyuan Wentian, the aura that emanated from this pitch-black sword beam had sent him flying. He tumbled onto the ground... and in the next instant, the pitch-black sword beam had already pierced into the chest of Qu Fengyi, who barely even reacted to it.


 The Qu Fengyi, who had been pierced by this pitch-black sword beam, fell to the ground like a kite that had its strings cut. Even the blood that sprayed out of her body was reddish-black in color


 “Sovereign of the Seas...”


 “SOVEREIGN OF THE SEAS!!”


 The current scene had totally caught everyone present by surprise. Just when they were on the brink of a vicious battle that threatened to break out at any moment, the first person that Xuanyuan Wentian had chosen to attack was actually Qu Fengyi, the person who had prepared this Heavenly Sovereign Conference and had expressed her “loyalty” in a sufficiently sincere manner!


 Perhaps, even Xuanyuan Wentian, a half-devil whose humanity had been warped and distorted by darkness profound energy, had despised Qu Fengyi’s decision in the depths of his heart.


 “Sovereign of the Seas!”


 Zi Ji’s expression greatly changed and he could not be bothered to attack Xuanyuan Wentian again. He quickly rushed over to Qu Fengyi’s side. A round, pitch-black hole had appeared in her chest after she had been pierced by the darkness. A pool of blood appeared beneath her, growing larger by the second. The blood that leaked out of her body was gradually turning darker as well.


 Zi Ji fiercely gritted his teeth as his heart was wrenched by intense pain. Even though he thought that Qu Fengyi was in the wrong, in the end, she was still the Sovereign of the Seas and they had still been husband and wife for a millenia. He also believed that she did not make this choice because she feared death like Ye Mexie. Instead, he believed that she was truly doing this so that she could forcibly protect the ten thousand year foundation of Supreme Ocean Palace.


 When all was said and done, Qu Fengyi was still a level ten Monarch. No matter how powerless she was in front of Xuanyuan Wentian, she should not be so weak as to die from a single blow from Xuanyuan Wentian. It was just that she had been anxious and distracted when she saw Zi Ji attack Xuanyuan Wentian. Moreover, she had never even dreamed that Xuanyuan Wentian would suddenly attack her. That was how she received such a heavy injury from Xuanyuan Wentian... In fact, the blow Xuanyuan Wentian had dealt her was a fatal one!


 Given the extremely serious nature of this injury and that dreadful darkness profound energy, most other people would have died instantly. Given Qu Fengyi’s profound strength, she could perhaps hold out for another four hours, but that was merely the last gasps of a dying woman.


 The fury and killing intent of the Supreme Ocean Palace’s four Venerable Ones had risen to their very limit. Their hearts no longer contained even a shred of hesitation or anxiety. Lightning crackled between the palms of Venerable Purple as he roared in rage, “Absolute Monarch Sanctuary’s Saint Emperor, Divine Phoenix Sect Master, no matter what grievances and resentments we had against each other in the past... Today, let us act together to kill the demon known as Xuanyuan Wentian! Even if all of us have to die here today, let us be companions as we travel on the road towards the Yellow Springs!”


 BOOM


 The eleven Spiritual Masters of Absolute Monarch Sanctuary all advanced forward, their exploding profound energy shaking an area that was tens of kilometers wide.


 “Tsk, tsk...” Despite facing “resistance” from so many people, Xuanyuan Wentian merely shook his head in regret, “How pathetic and laughable all of your struggles are. In the eyes of this sovereign today, what does your power even amount to? Tsk, but I can’t blame you lot. After all, none of you can understand the heights of power this sovereign has ascended to.”


 “I don’t mind telling you all this tidbit. This sovereign has already clearly sensed the existence of a whole new world, a place where you lot won’t even be able to dream of reaching even after ten thousand lifetimes. Compared to that place, everything that exists in the world is simply far too small and insignificant.”


 A whole new world!?


 Yun Che’s heart thumped fiercely in his chest.


 When a person’s profound strength truly entered the realm of the divine, that person would be able to sense the presences of worlds that existed on different planes of existence.


 This was what Jasmine had told him back then and the Golden Crow Spirit had said something similar as well.


 That was also to say that the current Xuanyuan Wentian had already properly stepped into the realm that belonged to the way of the divine!?


 In the Profound Sky Continent, it had only been a legend and no one had ever truly come into contact with it before...


 The Divine Profound Realm!!


 When Xuanyuan Wentian had invaded Demon Imperial City, even though he had managed to defeat Yun Che, Feng Xue’er and the Little Demon Empress even when they had joined hands to fight him, he had also sustained serious injuries. So at the very least, he had not reached a realm of power where he completely suppressed them. That was also to say that the Xuanyuan Wentian at that time had only taken half a step into the Divine Profound, or perhaps he was just at the borders of truly stepping into the Divine Profound Realm.


 It had only been a little more than a month since then but he had actually truly managed to step into that fabled realm!!


 “Heh, perhaps it is true that we cannot kill you but you can forget about ever seeing us grovel at your feet,” Feng Hengkong said with a great laugh. Since he already knew that he was certain to die, he felt absolutely no fear.


 Whoosh!!


 Feng Hengkong, who possessed the weakest profound strength among all the great powers, used the Phoenix flames that he was burning with all his power to stir everyone’s flow of energy. After that, all of profound energies belonging to the members of Absolute Monarch Sanctuary, Supreme Ocean Palace and the Divine Phoenix Sect erupted out at full force.


 “Form the Boundless Star Formation!”


 “Infinite Lightning Beast Domain!”
Unearth this data, retracing it to the very heart of Nøv€lß¡n★

 “Heaven Scorching Phoenix Domain!”


 Thousands of people rose in the air as three different gigantic domains swiftly rose up around Xuanyuan Wentian. However, Xuanyuan Wentian did not move a single muscle. Instead, he said with a merry smile, “What a magnificent spectacle, such staunch and unyielding determination. Ah, it truly is such a pity... It looks like it is about time for all of you to understand just how pathetic and laughable your struggles are.”


 “If I were to allow all of you to die such simple deaths, it would simply be far too dull. At least let this sovereign revel in your despairing and discontented faces as you die.”


 The three great powers attacked at full force as three domains which contained the limits of power that belonged to thousands of strong individuals stretched out towards Xuanyuan Wentian. But Xuanyuan Wentian behaved as if he did not pay them any mind. The black light in his eyes flashed as both of his hands suddenly clapped together and a cluster of black light exploded in midair, instantly shooting out beams of black light which covered the heavens and the earth.


 “Eternal Night Heavenly Devil Miasma!”


 These beams of black light easily pierced the three rapidly forming domains, trapping all the members of the three great powers within.


 As the black energy engulfed everything, Ye Meixie let out a strangled cry as he hurriedly scampered backwards but immediately after that, he breathed a heavy sigh of relief as he discovered that the black energy had not touched Sun Moon Divine Hall.


 This black energy moved far too quickly, it was at a speed that defied all knowledge. Every single one of the members belonging to the three great powers, from the lowliest disciples to the lofty Spiritual Masters and Venerable Ones, had been trapped by this black energy. Not a single one of them had escaped. All of their faces turned dark but following that, miserable cries, which shook the heavens, suddenly erupted from within their midst as most of them instantly dropped to the ground like flies and started writhing on the floor in agony.


 This was especially true for Divine Phoenix Sect. Besides Feng Zukui and Feng Tianwei, every single one of them had fallen to the ground. All of them let out howls of pain and sorrow as black energy coiled around their bodies, administering a purgatorial punishment that stretched the agony they were experiencing to its limits.


 Even Feng Zukui, Feng Tianwei, the eleven Spiritual Masters of Absolute Monarch Sanctuary and the four Venerable Ones of Supreme Ocean Palace were writhing and twisting in the air, expressions of extreme agony appearing on their faces. The three great domains which had just been formed were also weakening at an extremely fast pace.


 “Royal Father... Grandfather!” Feng Xue’er gasped in shock, the color draining out of her pretty face.


 “That is devilish poison!” Yun Che said as he grabbed Feng Xue’er’s hand. He was just about to rush out before he suddenly and swiftly retreated, his eyes shooting towards the east.


 “Xuanyuan Wentian, you... What did you do!!?” Zi Ji asked in a pain-filled voice.


 “Naturally this is a favor that this sovereign has given to all of you.” Xuanyuan Wentian said as he laughed out loud, “This is the devilish poison that this sovereign has prepared just for all of you. However, you don’t need to be afraid. While you’re afflicted by this devilish poison, you won’t die immediately and you’ll even live for an entire two hours longer. However, over the course of these two hours, you will endure ninety nine different kinds of pain and every single kind of pain will be engraved into your memories so deeply that you won’t forget even if you reincarnate a hundred times. After that, all of you will die by being reduced to puddles of black-colored blood. Hahahaha... What are you waiting for? Why haven’t you thanked this sovereign for the grace I have shown to you.”


 “You... Ugh!!” Zi Ji’s eyes widened into saucers and he abruptly fell from the sky the moment he spoke. He half-knelt to the ground and even though he staunchly refused to let out any screams of pain, all of the muscles in his body were fiercely trembling and spasming under the extreme agony he was experiencing.

