

Chapter 895 - The Conclusion of Azure Cloud

  

 Previously, when he heard Duan Heisha and the others talk about the “Sky Poison Pearl,” he had thought that it was only just a coincidence in name because the actual Sky Poison Pearl was already on him and there could never possibly be two Sky Poison Pearls existing in this world.


 However, when Yun Gu took out the “Sky Poison Pearl,” a feeling of spiritual connection reverberated clearly within his heart. The Sky Poison Pearl within his body appeared to sense it strongly and in his mind, the three words “Sky Poison Pearl” appeared.


 The Sky Poison Pearl within his body was real, but the Sky Poison Pearl that Yun Gu held was real as well!


 However, these were two completely different Sky Poison Pearls.


 The Sky Poison Pearl that fused with Yun Che had strong purifying and refining abilities but did not possess any poison powers. However, poisonous powers were the Sky Poison Pearl’s main powers, but even after so many years had passed, there were no signs of the poison powers of the Sky Poison Pearl recovering even slightly. Although Yun Che had never mentioned this matter to Jasmine before, he still wondered about it frequently.


 However, the Sky Poison Pearl on Yun Gu possessed pure poison powers!
The initial instance of this chapter being available happened at N0v3l.Bin.

 When this “second” Sky Poison Pearl fused with his body, the memory seal on it finally solved the doubts in Yun Che’s mind...


 Back then in Azure Cloud Continent, when Yun Gu handed the Sky Poison Pearl to Yun Che, he warned him never to release the vicious poison within the Sky Poison Pearl. After Yun Gu died, Yun Che lost his mind and furiously released the Sky Poison that Yun Gu had tirelessly sealed, exterminating numerous people and clans with the poison. The final time he released the poison, he completely used up all the poison powers within the Sky Poison pearl and even the poison origin had at the same time been released following the release of the last bit of Sky Poison.


 Originally, when the poison origin had recovered, it would return to the Sky Poison Pearl on its own. However, due to the interference of the Mirror of Samsara, not only had the Sky Poison Pearl that had lost its poisonous origin oddly fused with Yun Che’s body, it had also passed through reincarnation and arrived in a different world. There was even a mismatch of time. Although the poisonous origin that remained on the Azure Cloud Continent did not disappear due to the powers of the Mirror of Samsara, after it recovered, it did not manage to return to the Sky Poison Pearl and formed its own body, producing the second Sky Poison Pearl.


 Now, as Yun Che approached, the two Sky Poison Pearls detected the existence of one another and fused together once again.


 Only today, Yun Che finally learned that the Sky Poison Pearl that he possessed had always been incomplete. It was a Sky Poison Pearl that had lost its poison origin, which was also why it never possessed any poison powers.


 The pearl that Yun Gu possessed was a Sky Poison Pearl that possessed poisonous powers.


 Now, the time and space mismatch between the two finally reverted to normal once again, becoming complete within Yun Che.


 “Little brother, this... this...” Yun Gu revealed a rare expression of shock.


 With a simple thought in Yun Che’s mind, the green light on his palm extinguished instantly and all the poisonous aura disappeared without a trace. Compared to himself back then who could only barely manipulate the Sky Poison Pearl, fusing with the Sky Poison Pearl had allowed him to gain complete knowledge of the item. With the return of the poison origin of the Sky Poison Pearl, the Sky Poison was slowly recovering. The awakened Sky Poison was already nearly ten percent of what it was back then.


 If it were completely released, it would be sufficient to turn a small town into a prison of poison.


 “Senior Medical Saint,” Yun Che did not know how to explain so he could only sincerely say, “This Sky Poison Pearl has already recognized junior as its owner and can be controlled at junior’s will. Therefore, there should no longer be any signs of the poison powers losing control. Senior does not have to worry.”


 Yun Gu was, after all, no ordinary person. After being shocked temporarily, he smiled gently, “Then that couldn’t be even better. This old one can now be at ease.”


 He did not question the reason behind this nor did he question Yun Che’s intentions but the gentle smile on his face had come from the bottom of his heart. From what he saw, Yun Che’s gaze was clear as water and he said each word with sincerity. Although he was obviously exceptionally strong, he did not show any arrogance or carelessness.


 Furthermore, with strength that could even casually suppress the three major sects, he definitely would not covet a Sky Poison Pearl that one could not decide if it was a blessing or a curse.


 “Even after having my life saved and having a matter that was weighing on my heart settled, this old one still does not know little brother’s name,” Yun Gu gently said.


 “Senior Medical Saint does not have to be so courteous.” Yun Che frantically paid respects and said after a slight pause, “Junior’s surname is Yun, with a single word Che. This is junior’s childhood sweetheart, Su Ling’er.”


 Yun Che... this name, was also given to me by you.


 “Yun... Che...” Yun Gu muttered before smiling slightly and sighed, “As leisurely as clouds, as clear as water.. Such a good name. Not only do you have the same surname as this old one, your heart of medicine is so compatible. It seems like we really have been brought together by fate.


 Zzzz


 There was a faint buzzing noise in Yun Che’s mind, his lips moved but he could not say anything.


 As leisurely as clouds, as clear as water... This was the meaning and desire of the name that Yun Gu had when he named him “Yun Che” back then.


 “To able to meet someone like little brother is definitely a blessing upon this old one’s life. Little brother’s profound strength is earthshaking and your temperament is exceptional. You must have some important matters to attend to coming here. This old one shall not nag anymore. If there are any matters where this old one can help, please let this old one know and he shall definitely assist you with all his strength.”


 “Senior, hold on!”


 Even before Yun Gu managed to move, Yun Che frantically shouted for him and asked panickedly, “Where is Senior heading to now?”


 Yun Gu laughed and shook his head, “A person who practices medicine has no fixed home. Where he goes shall be where he stays. However, this old one’s life also has an end. It’s time this old one finds a successor to which he can pass on his skills and the heart of medicine. However, the world is tainted, people meet by fate and it cannot be sought. This old one is uncertain when his wish can possibly come true.”


 The heart of medicine...


 Yun Che’s hands clenched tightly, as he dared not look into Yun Gu’s eyes in guilt. He bore all of Yun Gu’s hopes but in the end, he did not succeed the heart of medicine and instead walked to the other end of the extreme...


 “Senior Medical Saint,” Yun Che said. “Those that were pardoned by Senior previously and escaped all know that the Sky Poison Pearl is on senior. In no time, the message will swiftly spread and the entire world will know. Even if you told those people that it was no longer on you, no one would actually believe you. At that time, Senior would undoubtedly encounter unavoidable trouble. Has senior thought about all of this?”


 “Whether it’s a blessing or a curse is to be determined by the heavens.” Yun Gu shook his head slightly, “With the lesson little brother has taught them, they might not have the guts to do anything to this old one due to fear.”


 “Fear is limited but greed is limitless!” Yun Che stood in front of Yun Gu, his tone slightly agitated. He was certain that if Yun Gu chose to stay within the Azure Cloud Continent, he would meet with the same fate as today in no time, “Senior Medical Saint, regarding this matter, junior has a solution. Junior is not from the Azure Cloud Continent but came from a place called the Illusory Demon Realm. I hope senior can follow junior to the Illusory Demon Realm. At that place, junior can guarantee that no one will cause trouble for Senior nor will anyone disrespect Senior.”


 “...” Yun Gu turned and stared at Yun Che for quite a while, shaking his head, “This old one had already guessed previously that little brother had come from elsewhere and it looks like I was right. This old one is extremely grateful for little brother’s sincere heart. However, this old one’s roots are after all firmly buried here and this old one’s medical path is also set on this land...”


 “No, that’s not right! What Senior has said is wrong.” Yun Che suddenly interrupted and denied Yun Gu’s words and said exceptionally firmly, “Senior Medical Saint has a heart of medicine that is revered by many and the heart of medicine is what Senior has pursued all his life. If it were just the heart of medicine, it would be curing more illness and saving more people, regardless kindness or evil, race, status, and location!”


 Yun Gu’s entire body trembled slightly.


 “Since your entire life has been dedicated to the medical path and you’ve lived by the heart of medicine, then, what difference is there whether you practice medicine within the Azure Cloud Continent or the Illusory Demon Realm? Furthermore the territory of the Illusory Demon Realm is larger than that of the Azure Cloud Continent. There’s more living beings and more races that need people like Senior.


 “In the Illusory Demon Realm, Senior can continue saving the masses and I believe that in a few years, Senior’s name would resound around the entire Illusory Demon Realm. If Senior were to remain adamant about staying in the Azure Cloud Continent, if Senior were to encounter any accident, all that you have learned and all that you desired would turn into nothing. If you take the first option, your life would be fulfilling and it would benefit many. However, if you chose the latter... perhaps you might save millions fewer people and would not even find a successor, leading to the suffering of future generations.”


 “...” Yun Che’s words caused Yun Gu to remain silent for a long while as his gaze began to shift.


 “Senior Medical Saint, Big Brother Yun Che is right. Please follow us to the Illusory Demon Realm. It’s too dangerous for you to stay here,” Su Ling’er pleaded softly.


 “Senior...” Yun Che held his breath as he looked nervous at Yun Gu.


 “Hohohoho,” Yun Gu suddenly turned around and smiled gently, “That’s right, since my whole life has been dedicated to medicine, where I practice makes no difference. Only when I leave, can I help more people and save even more lives. Little brother, it is you who has enlightened this old one. It seems like this old one’s heart of medicine is still lacking.”


 “Does that mean... Senior, you... have agreed?” Yun Che asked in joy.


 “Hoho,” Yun Gu smiled once again, “Then, I’ll have to trouble little brother and little miss here to bring this old fogey along.”


 “That’s great!!” Yun Che and Su Ling’er exclaimed together in joy. At the same time, their eyes were watery due to agitation.


 Upon seeing the joyful faces of the two youths, Yun Gu also began to laugh. However, he did not know why but his eyes also began to water uncontrollably.


 Yun Che immediately brought Su Ling’er and Yun Gu into the Primordial Profound Ark. They returned to the Grandwake Clan to retrieve the items Su Ling’er’s mother left behind. After staying in the Azure Cloud Continent for some time, the Primordial Profound Ark was reactivated and entered its second million kilometer spatial travel.


 Su Ling’er was now by his side. His master was also by his side. There was nothing that he missed any more in the Azure Cloud Continent.


 When he came to the Azure Cloud Continent, he had already known that he was facing certain death and only hoped to accomplish one last wish, which was meeting Su Ling’er again. He did not expect that, not only had he found Su Ling’er, he had also found his master. Even the Sky Poison Pearl that was unknowingly incomplete had been completely reformed.


 Furthermore, the devil origin orb that originally would have definitely taken his life was no longer a threat and instead became something of his own. Not only did he no longer have to die, even his profound strength had surged to an exaggerated level that was unheard of.


 He had also vaguely encountered an exceptionally frightening secret.


 On this trip to Azure Cloud, not only did he achieve all that he wanted to achieve, his entire person had seemingly been reborn and underwent complete change. Unbeknownst to him, even his temperament had slightly changed.

