

Chapter 995 - Merciless Slaughter

  

 “There are rarely records concerning the primordial gods in the lower realms so you can do as you please there but this is the God Realm! The place where the primordial gods resided! There are traces of countless gods here, as well as legacies, records, legends and even memories of gods here!


 “You came to the God Realm with almost complete ignorance, yet dare to behave without restraint just to show that you are unyielding and unknowingly revealed your weak point. Whether it was in your match against Li Mingcheng and Ji Hanfeng or in front of Mu Yizhou, you didn’t hesitate to use Star God’s Broken Shadow!


 “Thankfully the only person who recognized it was Mu Bingyun, the one who would never harm you. If it were any other person and if it it triggered the worst outcome... countless of people would think up of every possible method to steal the Evil God power from your body—it is, after all, a never before seen creation god inheritance! By that time, you dying tragically would be the lightest punishment you’ll face and you would even implicate the planet you came from!”


 When Yun Che fought Li Mingcheng and Ji Hanfeng, he did indeed use Star God’s Broken Shadow many times. At that time, Mu Bingyun had always been watching in secret. Even though she felt that it was a bit familiar, she hadn’t recognized it to be Star God’s Broken Shadow then... But after Yun Che instantly snatched Liu Hang from Mu Yizhou and Mu Luoqiu using a movement skill, that completely convinced her that it was undoubtedly Star God’s Broken Shadow.


 The Snow Song Realm King had long since known that Yun Che wanted to see the Heavenly Slaughter Star God, so even if he didn’t possess Star God’s Broken Shadow, she would still be able to figure things out based on Yun Che’s abnormal elemental powers and the fact that she knew something was between them. However... this was only because she knew that there was something between Yun Che and the Heavenly Slaughter Star God. If Star God’s Broken Shadow were to be recognized by any other person, even if they wouldn’t think about the Evil God’s inheritance, the consequences would still be grave.


 Thus, she had to give Yun Che the coldest, most severe awakening.


 As for Yun Che, he was indeed already drenched in cold sweat.


 He was unrivalled in the Blue Pole Star so he didn’t need to worry about his actions. Even though he had already stayed in the Snow Song Realm for more than three months, a large majority of that time was spent in his cultivation room. The times in which he truly made contact with others from the God Realm only amounted to a few days and there was no doubt he carried the indulgence given to him from the Blue Pole Star during those times... and it was a considerably strong indulgence.


 His understanding of the God Realm was so superficial that it could be considered nonexistent.


 Causing him to almost place himself in the greatest danger without knowing it.


 This bucket of cold water completely cooled Yun Che’s heart.


 In the past, the only ones that would dare reprimand Yun Che were Jasmine and the Little Demon Empress. Even though the Snow Song Realm King had just ruthlessly berated him, Yun Che wasn’t angry at all. Even the deeply buried resentment he felt toward her previously had directly disappeared. In his heart, he instead felt a bit of gratitude and respect.


 This was because she had not just ruthlessly awakened him... but also did not have any intentions of snatching the Evil God’s inheritance from him even though she knew he possessed it. There was no need for her to waste time to explain all this to him otherwise.


 Her aura was incomparably frightening, its suppression so strong that he could barely breathe. Rumor had it that she was also incredibly merciless and regarded life like grass... but she was actually not the least bit sinister. To the God Realm, an unprecedented creation god inheritance was no doubt an attraction which none was able to defy. She had discovered it while being the first and only to discover it... yet she had no intention of coveting it at all.


 Yun Che willingly saluted deeply, “I thank Sect Master for the awakening... this disciple knows he was wrong.”


 “Know you were wrong? Hmph!” The Snow Song Realm King icily snorted. “It’s best if you really do know you were wrong! You do not have to conceal your profound strength and elemental powers but you are absolutely not allowed to use Star God’s Broken Shadow in the God Realm!”


 “Yes.” Yun Che nodded. After that harsh awakening, he wouldn’t dare to even if she allowed him to.


 It was just that Star God’s Broken Shadow’s strong instantaneous movement was able to greatly suppress the disadvantage of using a heavy sword. If he didn’t have Star God’s Broken Shadow as a supplement, his disadvantage while using the Heaven Smiting Sword in battle would be far greater than before.


 Two soul piercing eyes seemed to instantly see through Yun Che’s thoughts. She said disdainfully, “You have no need to feel that it’s a pity. My Snow Song Realm’s Moon Splitting Cascade is unrivaled in the God Realm. What is a mere Star God’s Broken Shadow compare to that? Even though no one in the entire sect is able to cultivate it aside from this king, since you have been able to successfully learn Star God’s Broken Shadow, there’s no reason why you aren’t able to cultivate Moon Splitting Cascade!”


 “...” Yun Che slowly uttered, “Does this mean... Sect Master is willing to accept me as your direct disciple?”


 “If that wasn’t the case, do you think you would be able to stand here alive?” the Snow Song Realm King said coldly. “But you don’t have to undergo the procedures now because you are not yet qualified! The discipleship ceremony is in seven days. In these seven days, stay in your Ice Phoenix Palace and don’t go anywhere. Use those days to properly understand your position and identity in the God Realm, as well as the reason why you have come here! Understand what kind of talent is qualified to be unyielding and have the right to talk about fairness! And think about what you have to do to survive just a bit longer!


 “This king rarely accepts a disciple so if you die young due to excessive foolishness, wouldn’t that make me lose face!?”


 Yun Che took another deep breath and said, “Yes... I thank Sect Master for the instructions.”


 “You may go. Mu Fengshu and Mu Sushan are still outside. Tell them to come in before you leave.”


 Mu Fengshu and Mu Sushan?


 Yun Che didn’t question it. With a calm mental state, he slowly left on foot.


 When he reached the edge of the barrier, a five foot crack automatically split apart on the barrier.


 Yun Che walked out of the barrier and immediately saw the waiting Mu Fengshu and Mu Sushan with a single glance.


 When she saw Yun Che, Mu Fengshu instantly looked away with a complex expression. Mu Sushan however, hurriedly came over. “Yun Che, congratulations. I knew you were extraordinary since the first day I saw you but I never expected that even Hanyi would fall short of you. For you to have descended ten thousand feet below the heavenly lake... this old one is unable to believe that even now.”


 Even though Mu Sushan still acted like an elder, the expression which he used to look at Yun Che was completely different from before. Even the way he talked possessed a bit of... cautious respect?


 It was because the Snow Song Realm King had personally chosen Yun Che to be her direct disciple!


 An Ice Phoenix Palace disciple and the Snow Song Realm King’s direct inheriting disciple were too completely different concepts. The former was just a disciple but the latter... their position was pretty much not inferior to the elders and palace masters! If he was able to receive the favor, he may even be above the elders and palace masters.


 After all, the direct disciple was the person closest to the Realm King!


 Yun Che had always respected Mu Sushan so he hurriedly answered, “This disciple was only lucky. Sect Master is currently waiting for Senior Sushan and Hall Master Fengshu. Please head in.”


 “Sect Master, she...” Mu Sushan lowered his voice to a mere whisper, “Did she mention anything?”


 Yun Che shook his head. “No. But since she has summoned both of you at the same time, it should be related to some great matter concerning Freezing Snow Hall.”


 “That ought to be the case.” Mu Sushan nodded. He felt somewhat uneasy in his heart, as though it didn’t seem to be related to Freezing Snow Hall at all but he couldn’t think of anything any other reason aside from that.


 Mu Sushan and Mu Fengshu proceeded onward. The barrier immediately closed right after they had entered, completely isolating the inside.
Ñøv€l-B1n was the first platform to present this chapter.

 ————————


 After re-entering the Heavenly Netherfrost Lake, the footsteps of the duo clearly slowed, becoming more careful. They came to the lakeside with lowered heads and simultaneously kowtowed.


 “Sushan greets Sect Master.”


 “Fengshu greets Sect Master.”


 “I wonder what instructions Sect Master has for summoning us today,” Mu Fengshu said while bending her head.


 “It is nothing major.” The Snow Song Realm’s voice was unexpectedly ordinary. “This king just wants to ask you two about something insignificant.”


 How was it possible for the Snow Song Realm King to specifically make them stay for an insignificant matter? Mu Sushan’s heart had been intense since the start. “Please instruct us, Sect Master. Sushan and the Main Hall Master will do our best to answer.”


 “Very good.” The Snow Song Realm King nodded slowly, barely any pressure in her words. “This king wants to ask if you two still remember the battle that Yun Che had several months ago between two disciples—Li Mingcheng and Ji Hanfeng—when he first came to Freezing Snow Hall.”


 Mu Sushan was shocked. Mu Fengshu’s entire body trembled as she said with a frightened voice. “Li Mingcheng is Fengshu’s nephew and Ji Hanfeng is a Freezing Snow disciple. They behaved rudely toward Yun Che that day and it is Fengshu’s fault for failing to discipline them...”


 It was clear that Mu Fengshu thought that the Snow Song Realm King wanted to look into what had happened that day. After all, the current Yun Che was no longer the Yun Che from before... He was now the Snow Song Realm King’s direct disciple!


 “Oh, Fengshu, you have no need to be nervous.” The Snow Song Realm King’s voice was still ordinary. “This king has also heard a little about what transpired that day. If you want to say rude, it is Yun Che who was more rude. You not pursuing matters after both Li Mingcheng and Ji Hanfeng obtained serious injuries is truly an admirable broad-mindedness, so how could you have any wrongs?”


 “...” Mu Fengshu didn’t dare to speak.


 “This king actually wanted to ask something else...”


 The Snow Song Realm King had yet to move but her voice seemed as though it was beside their ears. “Do you two still have an impression of the the movement skill Yun Che used against Li Mingcheng and Ji Hanfeng?”


 Mu Sushan quickly raised his head. Even though he didn’t understand why the Snow Song Realm King would ask this question specifically, if they were to speak of impressions, not only did he have one, it was also very deep. He quickly replied, “Reporting to Sect Master. Three months have already passed yet Sushan still has a deep impression of it because the movement skill Yun Che used that day was incomparably exquisite and strange. Sushan was no more than three hundred meters away from him yet he still didn’t clearly see how Yun Che shifted.”


 Mu Fengshu also said quickly, “Even though Fengshu did not personally see Yun Che and Mingcheng fight, the movement skill Yun Che used against Ji Hanfeng a few times was indeed as Sushan has said; extraordinarily exquisite yet strange. The sword he held in hand was obviously incomparably heavy yet he was able to instantly translocate. He used it several times against Ji Hanfeng to catch him unprepared.... Even Fengshu finds it hard to grasp.”


 At this time, the duo’s minds had calmed down by quite a lot. So the sect master was only asking about Yun Che... But of course, since she selected him to be her direct disciple, she had to be completely thorough. The duo replied earnestly while also sticking in some praise for Yun Che in their answers.


 “At that time, Yun Che had yet to enter the divine way yet his movement skill made you both unable to get a feel for it. This is certainly strange. It seems that his movement skill is quite unusual.” The Snow Song Realm King’s voice faintly seemed as though it had come closer. “Then have you wondered what kind of profound movement skill he used?”


 “Sushan did indeed think about it many times.” In front of the Snow Song Realm King’s question, Mu Sushan seriously replied. “The movement skill Yun Che used is a bit similar to the Moon Splitting Cascade Sect Master uses but since he is from the lower realms... a movement skill from the lower realms would obviously be incomparable to Sect Master’s Moon Splitting Cascade.”


 “Then, if it wasn’t from the lower realms, if it was from the God Realm and if it was from the highest level god realm? Are there any movement skills similar to the one Yun che used?” the Snow Song Realm King asked indifferently.


 Highest level god realm?


 Mu Sushan didn’t think for long before his eyes suddenly flashed. He blurted, “Star God’s Broken Shadow!!”


 These four words also enlightened Mu Fengshu and she replied right away. “Yes! The movement skill Yun Che used is extremely similar to the Star God’s Broken Shadow shown during the previous Profound God Convention... In fact, you can say they’re exactly the same!”


 “Clap!”


 “Clap!”


 “Clap!”


 The Snow Song Realm King slowly clapped three times, praising. “Very good. As expected of the experienced and knowledgeable Fengshu and Sushan. This king has only given a little hint yet you both have accurately guessed it. Even if this king did not give a hint, you two would have realized it soon enough.”


 “If news of an Ice Phoenix disciple knowing how to use the twelve star god’s movement skill were to be leaked and the Star God Realm was to investigate this, it is extremely probable for the disciple I have just accepted to die young.”


 It was as though the atmosphere had instantly congealed as a soul-piercing icy intent instantly pervaded through the bodies of Mu Sushan and Mu Fengshu like a terrifying epidemic. As though they had finally realized something, they quickly bent down again, their bodies acutely trembling from the fright.


 “Sect Master. Sushan... Sushan swears that he will never leak even half a word out... if I go against this, may the heavens destroy me, may I die a violent death...”


 “Fengshu... has never heard of Star God’s Broken Shadow... never... never heard...”


 “Fengshu, Sushan,” The Snow Song Realm King’s voice was ice-cold and indifferent. “Both of you have lived long enough to know this saying: Only the dead can truly keep a secret.”


 “Sect Master!” Mu Fengshu said while trembling, “Fengshu... has always been loyal and devoted to Sect Master all these years and the contributions we have given to the sect...”


 “You two have indeed always been loyal and your lives have also been extremely important to the sect. You two dying would truly be unfortunate.” The Snow Song Realm King slowly said without mercy, “But since Yun Che has become this king’s disciple, his life is far more important than yours.”


 The figure behind the icy mist reached out one hand. “Choose. Do you want to take your own lives or shall this king have to do it personally!?”

