

Chapter 904 - Annihilated with Bare Hands

  

 The moment the three forces began their joint attack on their common enemy... Or to be exact, before their attack had yet to officially begin, they had already crumbled apart.


 Terrifying energy waves pushed everyone else to the edges of the Sea God Arena and not a single person from the forces of the seven nations were not shaking in their boots, their hearts filled with terror. The strongest out of the seven nations—Divine Phoenix Sect; two of the Four Sacred Grounds and even the two that were ranked highest in terms of overall strength—Absolute Monarch Sanctuary and Supreme Ocean Palace; the combined strength of all the top experts from the three forces actually suffered instantaneous defeat before Xuanyuan Wentian.


 They were like a bunch of mortals, amidst their roars of unwillingness, challenging a divine spirit that was more powerful than what they could imagine. The outcome was naturally self-evident.


 Profound practitioners with strength below that of a Monarch all tumbled onto the ground, suffering from pain that made them wish for death as they let out howls that could numb one’s heart. Those powerful Monarchs were also bitterly hanging on while suffering from unbearable pain that attending to themselves was all they could manage. Such a scene not only shocked the seven nations’ forces to the point their organs felt like ripping apart, the entirety of Sun Moon Divine Hall turned chillingly silent. Initially, a few of the experts with slightly more backbone within Sun Moon Divine Hall were still opposed to Ye Meixie’s choice. However, after looking at the scene before their eyes, they began to rejoice that Ye Meixie had chosen the path of survival.


 At this moment, several powerful profound energies suddenly approached from the eastern skies. Xuanyuan Wentian’s eyes shifted and he said with a shady smile. “It seems I have another piece of good news.”


 Four Sword Region Elders flew over like streaks of lightning, their bodies were completely stained in blood. Evidently, they had all suffered from considerably heavy injuries and in their hands, they were also dragging a person with a frail aura, covered in blood. They descended on the Sea God Arena, threw the person in their hands next to Xuanyuan Wentian. The person at the front said while gasping for air, “Heavenly Sovereign, your expectations... were not betrayed.”


 Seeing the person that was covered entirely in blood, the faces of the entire crowd from Absolute Monarch Sanctuary, that were presently enduring immense pain, gravely changed. “Yuan... Yuanba!!”


 “Very good.” Xuanyuan Wentian narrowed his eyes, as he looked down at the man with unbearably frail aura beneath his feet. “Xia Yuanba, after wasting so much time and breaking apart so many people from my Sword Region, on the day this sovereign officially becomes the Heavenly Sovereign, you finally fall into this sovereign’s hands. Tell me, is this praise and commendation given to this sovereign by the heavens?”


 “Xuanyuan... Wen... tian...” Xia Yuanba was not unconscious. His two hands were grasping on the ground but he was no longer able to stand and only groans filled with extreme hatred and resentment were coming out of his mouth.


 “Whether the unneeded trash dies sooner or later, hardly makes any difference. But you, it’s best that you die as soon as possible!!”


 A black light flashed in Xuanyuan Wentian’s hand, as he grabbed towards Xia Yuanba’s head.


 “Stop!!!!!”


 Earthshaking furious roars resounded from Absolute Monarch Sanctuary. Though carrying devilish poison in their bodies, Spiritual Master Ancient Blue and Spiritual Master Detached Heart moved at the same time amidst their furious roars. The severely injured Huangji Wuyu forcefully pulled out the Primal Chaos Heavenly Ruler and threw it towards Xuanyuan Wentian with all his might.


 “Heh...”


 Xuanyuan Wentian let out a sinister, venomous smile. With a flip of his palm, a ray of black light struck the Primal Chaos Heavenly Ruler that came flying towards him. The Primal Chaos Heavenly Ruler instantly bent and flew back in the reverse direction while carrying a black glow, ruthlessly smashing onto Spiritual Master Detached Heart and Spiritual Master Ancient Blue.


 Spiritual Master Ancient Blue and Spiritual Master Detached Heart groaned at the same time as they were sent flying backwards with a deep bloody ditch left on each of their bodies. Xuanyuan Wentian’s hand gestures once again changed. Two rays of black sword beams appeared before him and they pierced towards Spiritual Master Ancient Blue and Spiritual Master Detached Heart who were still flying backwards.


 “Master!!”


 The two rays of black sword beams were merely about a foot long but Xia Yuanba, who was beneath Xuanyuan Wentian’s feet, could clearly sense that within them were terrifying energies that were enough to annihilate high-level Monarchs several times over. With a roar filled with despair, golden stars appeared haphazardly before his eyes and there seemed to be something fiercely erupting from within his chest. His body which was initially in a dying state suddenly shot up as he smashed his fist towards Xuanyuan Wentian.


 On the fist that had expanded to a width of up to half a foot, a layer of seemingly eye-piercing intense golden light was actually shrouding it.


 “Oh?” Xuanyuan Wentian’s expression slightly changed.


 Under a miraculous burst of immense power, space was intensely distorted and the directions of the two pitch-black sword beams were offset by a huge degree, as they both flew towards the sky. The fist that was shrouded with golden light had also ruthlessly smashed onto Xuanyuan Wentian’s chest at this moment.


 Boom!!!


 With a loud reverberation, Xuanyuan Wentian’s chest slightly sunk and his entire upper body was bent a full ninety degrees backwards. Under the immense rebound, Xia Yuanba was ruthlessly sent flying backwards and he smashed heavily onto Spiritual Master Ancient Blue who was heavily injured again right after being struck by the devilish poison. With a startled look in his eyes, he then completely collapsed.


 ‘Yuan... ba...” Spiritual Master Ancient Blue reached out his hand towards Xia Yuanba but he was no longer able to move him even the slightest bit.


 “Ha... Haha... Hahahaha...”


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s upper body slowly straightened. Pressing his hand onto his chest, he let out a sinister laugh, the look on his face had grown even more hideous and devil-like. “As expected of... the Tyrannical Emperor’s Divine Veins. Even in a half-dead state, you were still able to let this sovereign feel pain... As I thought... You can’t be left alive!!”


 Though he had already killed many people today, from beginning to end, he had yet to move a single step. Because they were basically not worthy of him to moving to kill them.


 However this time, amidst his ferocious laughter, he flew up into the air and with a pair of demonic claws that were enveloped in black light, he grabbed at Xia Yuanba.


 Because Xia Yuanba was one of the few potential threats in this world!


 “Xuanyuan Wentian!!”


 Just as Xuanyuan Wentian had flown out, a thunderous roar suddenly resounded next to his ears. This voice, had also instantly stopped his figure.


 Xia Yuanba, who was waiting for death in despair, suddenly widened his eyes when he heard the voice. He instantly regained his clarity and with a pair of eyes that carried deep, utter disbelief, he tremblingly turned towards the direction the voice was coming from.


 “You’d best be obedient and stand still over there, otherwise, I can’t guarantee that your son’s brain won’t completely turn into paste.”


 This voice carried a deep threatening tone and even clearly carried a hint of ridicule. Following the direction the voice was coming from, the crowd only then realized that two people had suddenly appeared in the sky above and there was another person who was being held in one of the two’s hands.


 After seeing their faces clearly, seemingly almost every single one of their faces revealed an extremely astonished look.


 “That... That is...”


 “...” Xuanyuan Wentian slowly turned around, his dark hawkish eyes instantly clashed with Yun Che’s eyes.


 Xuanyuan Wendao was being gripped by the head by Yun Che and was held in midair, his entire body was like a corpse being held by his scalp. The constant light spasms of his four limbs proved that he was still alive and frail groans were constantly escaping from his mouth. “Save... me... father... Save... me...”


 “Yun... Yun... Yun Che!?” at the furthest corner of the Sea God Arena, Dongfang Xiu and Qin Wushang lost control of their voices and loudly roared out. Never had they ever doubted their own eyes like this very moment.


 “Yun Che... and Princess Snow?”


 “Isn’t... Isn’t Yun Che already dead?”


 “It’s really Yun Che!? He’s... He’s not dead?”


 Yun Che’s name was known throughout the Profound Sky Continent. Several months ago, news of his death had spread through the Profound Sky Continent and this piece of news had even come from the Four Great Sacred Grounds. Out of everyone present, the most astonished, were undoubtedly Huangji Wuyu, Qu Fengyi and Ye Meixie, because several months ago, they had after all personally seen Yun Che’s “corpse.”


 “Royal Father! Grandfather! Great Grandfather...”


 Feng Xue’er had already charged down, landing in front of Feng Hengkong and the rest. Feng Hengkong, who was presently enduring the torture of the devilish poison, did not expect that he would still get to see Feng Xue’er again while he was still alive and for a moment, his feelings were a mix of sorrow and joy. However, he desperately roared out. “Xue’er... You... Why must you return... Run... Hurry and run!! Run!!”


 “Xue’er... Run... Hurry and run!” Feng Tianwei painfully howled as well. “We were able to see you one last time, we’re happy even if we have to die... You... Hurry... Run!!”


 “Brother-in-law... Is it... really you?” Xia Yuanba was unable to stand. He lightly mumbled, two streaks of tears warmly slid down his face.
The initial posting of this chapter occurred via noovelllbbin

 “Yuanba, you must have forgotten the words I once told you,” Yun Che said with a smile. “As long as you have yet to see my corpse with your own eyes, don’t ever believe that I’m already dead. You were able to persist up to now under Xuanyuan Wentian’s chase... Truly incredible.”


 “Heh... Heheh...” Xia Yuanba laughed, laughing especially joyfully.


 With Yun Che’s hand squeezing onto Xuanyuan Wendao’s head, Xuanyuan Wentian no longer dared to act as rashly as he expected. His eyes narrowed as he firmly sized Yun Che up. He sense the very evident difference in Yun Che... And it was an extremely huge difference as well.


 “Yun Che, this sovereign truly admires you. If you had stayed in the Illusory Demon Realm, you could have lived for another ten days to half a month... Yet you just had to rush here to seek death!”


 “Seek death? Aren’t you afraid that your son will die right in front of me?” Yun Che raised Xuanyuan Wendao high up. “This is your only son. If I were to crush him to death, if you want to have another descendant, you can only give birth to a new one... Oh, no, no, no, I have almost forgotten something. This body of yours is even something you snatched from someone else, so no matter how many sons or daughters you give birth to, they would always belong to someone else. In other words, if I were to crush him to death, this Heavenly Sovereign you claim yourself to be, will be completely left without a single descendant. Now that’s truly sad and miserable.”


 “You dare to threaten this sovereign!?” Thick black aura emitted out from Xuanyuan Wentian’s eyes and his voice completely sank.


 “Heh, you made a mistake. You’re not even worthy of me threatening you!”


 Facing Xuanyuan Wentian’s ice-cold dark aura and killing intent, Yun Che simply let out a low laugh. Then, with a swing of his arm, under everyone’s astonished eyes, he directly threw Xuanyuan Wendao down... And he had even thrown him towards Mighty Heavenly Sword Region.


 Xuanyuan Bo hurriedly stepped forward to catch Xuanyuan Wendao and was a little disbelieving that Yun Che would actually throw away his only “life-saving straw,” that could threaten Xuanyuan Wentian, just like that.


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s eyes slightly narrowed as well.


 “Be obedient and take good care of your Young Master. You people had best, absolutely not let him die,” Yun Che crossed his arms in front of his chest and calmly said.


 Putting aside Mighty Heavenly Sword Region, Yun Che’s actions were even unexpected to everyone else and they even thought that Yun Che had basically gone crazy. The expression of Xuanyuan Bo who caught Xuanyuan Wendao quickly changed, as he said with a trembling voice, “Heavenly Sovereign, Young Sovereign Master is not in any life-threatening danger, however... however, his profound veins have been crippled!”


 “Yun Che, you sure have huge guts!” Xuanyuan Jue, who was at the front of Heavenly Sword Villa’s seats, stood up and roared out. “Heavenly Sovereign, you must definitely not let this brat die a straightforward death! You must definitely leave him begging for death!”


 Xuanyuan Wentian slowly raised his hand and a ray of pitch-black sword beam tore through the dimensional rift, shooting straight towards Yun Che.


 “Yun Che, watch out!!”


 “Watch out!!”


 “Dodge it!!!”


 Astonished loud roars resounded from Divine Phoenix Sect, Absolute Monarch Sanctuary, and Supreme Ocean Palace. Though Xuanyuan Wentian’s pitch-black sword beams did not look remarkable, they were completely terrifying to an unfathomable extent.


 Yun Che however did not move away in the slightest and his palm instantly flashed. In an instant, that pitch-black sword beam that was aimed at his throat, was fixed on his hand. Then, with a light grasp of his hand, it had already turned into a large pile of black powder, dispersing without a trace.


 Everyone’s eyes protruded out from this scene, while the people that were wildly roaring out had even completely stiffened, their voices were also left stuck in their throats.


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s terrifying pitch-black sword beam that could almost take the life of someone as powerful as Qu Fengyi with a single strike, was actually annihilated bareheaded... by Yun Che!?


 “Hahahaha, hahahahaha!” Xuanyuan Wentian was not astonished and had instead laughed out wildly. “Yun Che, whenever this sovereign sees you, you will always bring this sovereign a pleasant surprise. As expected, this time is no exception!”


 “Heh, don’t speak too soon. There might be an even larger surprise later on,” Yun Che said smilingly.


 “Big Brother Yun!” Below, Feng Xue’er’s anxious voice resounded.


 Yun Che’s eyes lowered and with a flip of his left hand, a mass of green light sprinkled down from the sky, enveloping all of the people of Divine Phoenix Sect within. In just a few breaths of time, the devilish poison in all of the Phoenix disciples had been completely purified; the pain on their faces had disappeared without a trace and the normal flows of their profound energy had been restored. Every single one of them looked at their own hands, exhilarated to the point of losing themselves.


 Yun Che’s figure blurred as he directly detoured around Xuanyuan Wentian and arrived before Xia Yuanba and Spiritual Master Ancient Blue. He hurriedly stuffed a pellet into Xia Yuanba’s mouth and used the light of purification to purify all the devilish poison in Spiritual Master Ancient Blue’s body.


 “Brother-in-law... Brother-in-law...” Xia Yuanba called out twice consecutively. Though he was suffering from extremely heavy injuries, he was still as happy as a child.


 Xuanyuan Wentian did not stop him, nor did he turn around. His pair of eyes gradually narrowed into extremely thin slits.


 Seeing Spiritual Master Ancient Blue and the entirety of Divine Phoenix Sect recovering back to normal, the people of Absolute Monarch Sanctuary and Supreme Ocean Palace, who were presently enduring the cruel torture of the devilish poison, revealed incomparably joyful looks. The crowd of Spiritual Masters and Venerables forcefully endured the pain of the devilish poison and let out pleading voices. “Asgard Master Yun... We will have... to trouble you... to remove the poison...”


 However, Yun Che had instead turned around and once again rose into the air, arriving in front of Xuanyuan Wentian... Turning a deaf ear to Absolute Monarch Sanctuary’s and Supreme Ocean Palace’s pleading.

