

Chapter 1062 - Star Restoration in a Dire Situation

 Chapter 1062 - Star Restoration in a Dire Situation
Ñ00v€l--ß1n hosted the premiere release of this chapter.

 Hearing Yun Che’s words, Yan Wancang and others cast glances at him. They could only come to the same conclusion as Huo Rulie... that he wanted to go and die along with his master.


 But Yun Che said with a calm and cold gaze, “Dying along with her? I’m still sane enough not to do such a stupid thing! I want to go in order to save my master!”


 “As if that’s possible!” Huo Rulie roared. “Unless a Higher Realm King comes here to lend their help, no one can save your master! With your insignificant cultivation, you don’t even qualify to die trying such a thing!”


 Yun Che looked Huo Rulie straight in the eye as he said, “Three days ago, I accomplished something that you thought was impossible, something you couldn’t possibly believe.”


 “Just a while ago, I told you over and over again that there are two ancient horned dragons. I didn’t even hesitate to take a blood oath and even then, you didn’t believe me... Do you see how things have turned out now due to your unwillingness to trust my words?”


 “Your self-opinionated attitude has lead you to be ashamed again and again! So, what right do you have left now to assert that I’m not able to save my master!? You may not be capable of saving her but how can you assume that I’m also incapable of doing it?”


 Immediately, Huo Rulie fell into a daze.


 “A few hours ago today, you vowed solemnly and said it yourself that you owe me an enormous favor and as such, would gladly give me whatever I want or fulfill whatever request I make. Heh...” Yun Che let out a light laugh in ridicule, “I was a fool to have felt respect for you at the time. Huo Rulie, who would’ve thought that your words like ‘I’ll definitely return the favor’ and ‘surely do what I said’ were nothing more than a pile of crap!!”


 “You scoundrel!!”


 There was no one that would dare angrily curse at the distinguished Sect Master of the Golden Crow Sect in such a manner. Golden Crow Sect Elder Huo Rujin flew into a rage, “Little brat of the Snow Song Realm, you actually dared to abuse my sect master? Looks like you’re tired of living...”


 “Shut the hell up!!”


 Huo Rulie howled furiously, causing Huo Rujin to quickly take two steps backward in fear. Profound energy erupted from his body, directly splitting apart his sleeves and revealing his magma rock like arms.


 “I, Huo Rulie... may be a coward but I’ve never been a vile person who would go back on his word!” Huo Rulie exhaled heavily. “Alright! If you want to throw away your life... then I’ll follow along with you! At worst, I’ll lose my life!”


 “Let’s go!!” He lifted Yun Che up, after which a violent and stormy wave charged into the God Burying Inferno Prison.


 “Master!”


 “Sect Master!”


 “Sect Master Huo!!”


 Everyone present shouted in alarm but Huo Rulie turned a deaf ear. In the blink of an eye, his figure completely disappeared from their sight.


 As he possessed might at the Divine Sovereign level, his speed was terrifyingly fast, to say the least. Just the storm alone was enough to make Yun Che feel as if his body was being torn apart. Fortunately, Huo Rulie at once covered Yun Che’s body with his profound power, which helped the latter to gradually feel at ease.


 “Sect Master Huo, hurry up... Use your fastest speed!”


 They were three thousand five hundred kilometers away. That would require Yun Che at least a few hours, even if he were to employ all his might and could approach the place alive. That was not the case for someone of a very high cultivation level such as Huo Rulie. Hearing Yun Che’s words, he gnashed his teeth and cursed, before sweeping ahead with his palm. His flames ripped space one after another as he passed through them, reaching closer and closer to his ultimate speed.


 The energy density in the region of the God Burying Inferno Prison was extremely fearsome and as such, Huo Rulie could only cover a very limited distance through ripping space. However, his speed was still extraordinary and incomparably fast and they travelled the distance of a thousand kilometers before long. At this time, Yun Che slowly raised his palm that was holding a blood-red jade stone.


 Huo Rulie immediately turned around his head when he felt the scorching hot aura of the jade stone, “Vermilion Bird Jade!?”


 At Divine Ice Phoenix Sect’s Great Sect Assembly several months ago, it was the Vermilion Bird Jade that was presented to Mu Xuanyin when the three sect masters of the Flame God Realm had "payed a visit”. It was straightaway given away to Yun Che!


 Yun Che had his eyes closed as his consciousness speedily submerged and then the Vermilion Bird Jade also disappeared from his hand.


 “Slap!”


 Inside the Sky Poison Pearl, Yun Che slapped the bottom of Hong’er, who was sleeping soundly at the moment. She jumped up shouting and said with a look of grievance, hands on her behind, “Master, wh-wh-why... did you hit my butt?”


 You little girl... Yun Che gritted his teeth in anger... Such a huge incident has happened outside and she’s still sleeping here so soundly!


 Phew... cool down! Don’t lose your calm! I can’t afford to offend this little devil.


 An incomparable warm smile surfaced on his face. Then, he displayed the Vermilion Bird Jade in his hand, “Hong’er, I’ve never spent time playing with you since I arrived in the God Realm. As such, I’ve always felt guilty in my heart and so...”


 “Wow! It smells delicious!!”


 The instant Yun Che finished his words, Hong’er’s eyes brightened like stars as she looked fixedly at the Vermilion Bird Jade in his hand. Soon after, a red light flashed before Yun Che... and his hand immediately felt lighter.


 Hong’er disappeared and so did the Vermilion Bird Jade!


 Crunch! Crunch!


 Hearing crisp biting sound from behind, Yun Che turned around to look at Hong’er biting a mouthful of the pieces of the Vermilion Bird Jade that contained a terrifying amount of energy. Three bites later, she swallowed down the whole thing.


 “~！@#￥%...” The corners of Yun Che’s eyes twitched... Why did I even try to come up with a way to coax her into eating it? That was completely unnecessary!


 “Heehee!” Hong’er narrowed her eyes as she spread out her hands, “It’s gone now... aah...aah...aah?”


 Yun Che had already vanished from her her field of vision by this time.


 “Hmm...” Hong’er waved her finger from side to side, with a pondering expression, “Why did he leave all of a sudden? Could it be that Master got angry at me?”


 “Sect Master Huo Rulie, how far are we from our destination?” Yun Che regained his consciousness and loudly roared.


 As they got closer to the central area, the intensity at which the sea of flames seethed and the turbulence of the energy storms became stronger by more than several times.


 “There’s still quite some distance left!”


 “Then be a bit faster! The faster the better! My master won’t be able to hold on for too long!”


 “Damn it!” Huo Rulie let out a loud curse. His flame power surged and directly cut open a ten meter long space crack, causing his travelling speed to become even faster.


 “Boy! Since you don’t intend to throw away your life, you should at least tell me what you’re planning to do first!?”


 No matter how hard he tried, Huo Rulie was unable to think of any method that Yun Che could use to save Mu Xuanyin.


 Yun Che slightly gritted his teeth in response but didn’t say a word.


 “Then can you tell me how confident are you to succeed?” Huo Rulie asked in aloud voice, while using all his might to travel through space.


 “Not at all!” Yun Che said in a heavy voice. “There’s only... a tiny possibility.”


 “What? You... what did you say?” Huo Rulie widened his eyes.


 “But it’s my master we’re talking about!” Yun Che clenched his hands into fists. “It’s the person who took the most care of me since the time I arrived in the God Realm. Even if the possibility is negligible... I still won’t sit idle as my master loses her life.”


 “...Tch! I don’t know what kind of enchanting method those women have used on you that resulted in you being so hell-bent on rescuing her.” Huo Rulie suddenly started laughing loudly, “It’s truly strange. I might end up dying because of you, which makes me very infuriated inside and yet, I still find you even more pleasing than before. Hahahaha... grab on tight!”


 Each and every time he ripped the space of the God Burying Inferno Prison, even someone as powerful as Huo Rulie needed to exert all his strength.


 When they were two thousand kilometers away, the howling rumble of the energy storm had grown deafeningly loud.


 When they were nearly one thousand five hundred kilometers away, the scenery around them changed its colors in every instant.


 At the time when they were close to the one thousand kilometers mark, the remnant waves of the unceasingly gushing energy and its force struck Yun Che’s chest, as if several heavy hammers were hitting him, inducing extreme pain in his body. Profound power surged from Huo Rulie’s arm, which was grabbing onto Yun Che and a light red flame barrier enveloped his entire body within, effectively cutting it off completely from external influences.


 The expression on Yun Che’s face quickly returned to normal and he said in an urgent voice, “Sect Master Huo, please hurry up!”


 They were about one thousand kilometers away at present. Huo Rulie had watched the battle many times but had never come so close to it. His speed didn’t decrease in the slightest and he pressed on further ahead as he carried Yun Che along.


 Very soon...


 Seven hundred fifty kilometers...


 Five hundred kilometers!


 An extremely frightening and shocking dragon roar resounded throughout the place and the energy storm that seemed like the harbinger of doomsday came to a standstill within an instant. It at least testified that Mu Xuanyin had yet to really lose her life. Huo Rulie gritted his teeth and poured even more power into the flame barrier around Yun Che. Afterwards, he continued to rush forward.


 Four hundred fifty kilometers...


 Four hundred kilometers...


 Three hundred fifty kilometers...


 Three hundred kilometers...


 Two hundred fifty kilometers!!


 Huo Rulie finally came to a halt and said in a heavy voice, “We can’t go any further ahead. Otherwise, if the ancient horned dragon suddenly changes its target to us, the two of us will definitely die, without a shadow of doubt.”


 The space in here was vibrating and warping intermittently. Huo Rulie used half of his energy to protect his own body and the other half to protect Yun Che... If the barrier around Yun Che’s body were to get canceled at such a close distance, he would be instantly exterminated and turn to dust.


 No, not even dust would be left. He would be straightaway reduced to nothingness.


 “That won’t happen!” Yun Che said with incomparable certainty. “Since Master killed its companion, it must be in a state of insanity, only thinking of doing everything possible to kill Master. It absolutely won’t give Master any chance of a breather by switching its target to someone else!”


 “Besides, you yourself are a mighty Divine Sovereign! This horned dragon and my master both seemed to have lost quite a bit of energy by now, so it won’t be that easy for it to kill you!”


 “F*ck!” Huo Rulie shouted abuse but still resumed rushing forward holding onto Yun Che. “I am in your hands anyways... and I can’t help but do it since you saved the life of my Ye’er! Here goes nothing!!”


 As they drew closer and closer to the center of the bitter fight between the two Divine Masters, Yun Che felt an unprecedented and indescribably terrifying sensation, even though he was being protected by an extremely strong barrier.


 With them getting closer and closer to the battle site, even the flame barrier protecting him, into which Huo Rulie had poured half of his energy, had begun to rock intensely.


 “Sect Master Huo, how far can you do sound transmission from here?” Yun Che did his utmost to maintain his calm.


 “If it was some other place, it wouldn’t be an issue to do sound transmission up to several tens of thousands of kilometers away. Here, one hundred fifty kilometers is my limit due to the interference from the flame power of the Inferno Prison and the energy of the two Divine Masters!” Huo Rulie roared.


 Two hundred twenty five kilometers!


 Two hundred kilometers!


 “Alright! In that case, getting one hundred fifty kilometers away from them will suffice!” Yun Che said.


 Huo Rulie wasted no words and continued to move ahead. He rained curses in his heart: What the hell do you even mean by that? Suffice, my ass! You’re basically playing around with our life!


 One hundred seventy five kilometers...


 One hundred fifty kilometers!!


 BOOM!!!


 Countless pillars of fire burst out in the surroundings and one among them engulfed both Huo Rulie and Yun Che.. While landing on the ground, all of Huo Rulie’s hair exploded and his body got burned black in many places. One of his hands was on Yun Che’s body and another in front of him as he used his all his might to resist the remnant waves of the energy that was being generated by the two great Divine Masters. “We’re about one hundred fifty kilometers away from them now. Say what you want to do now! I won’t be able to hold on for long!”


 “Tell me the exact distance between them and their positions... It’d be best if the distance is exact to around three meters!” Yun Che asked.


 “F*ck, you little...” Huo Rulie firmly gnashed his teeth and released his mental strength to its limit. Afterwards, he quickly stretched out his hand and placed the tip of his finger at the center of Yun Che’s brows. “This is the distance between them and their positions! However, they’re constantly on the move.”


 “Alright!” Yun Che lowered his brows. “Now at once contact Master with sound transmission. Using soul voice would be best in this scenario!”


 BOOM!!


 A formless blast of air came from distance and brushed past Huo Rulie’s chest, causing his face to turn pale as he almost vomited blood. “Hurry up! Place your fingertip on my forehead and do it yourself! I won’t be able to persevere for much longer!”


 Yun Che swiftly reached out his hand and placed his fingertip between Huo Rulie’s brows. A wisp of soul voice transferred within Mu Xuanyin’s soul in no time through Huo Rulie’s enormous mental strength.


 “Master! You need to hold on. Disciple will soon arrive at your side! Don’t curse at me and tell me to leave and properly listen to what I have to say...When this disciple’s soul voice breaks off, you need to silently count up to five breaths. Then, a small-sized profound ark will appear around you, which you have to immediately envelope with your energy. Subsequently, I... disciple will come out of the profound ark and create the opportunity for Master to be able to kill it!”


 “Believe in this disciple!!”


 Without waiting for Mu Xuanyin’s reply, Yun Che’s soul voice discontinued all of a sudden. Inside the protection barrier, he was holding Primordial Profound Ark in his hand, which quickly enlarged to around three meters.


 “Sect Master Huo, don’t cancel the barrier and immediately leave here once this profound ark disappears!”


 “If I manage to stay alive... I’ll definitely repay this favor!!”


 With that, his entire body disappeared as he entered the primordial profound ark.


 The world within the primordial profound ark regained some vitality when the energy of the Vermilion Bird Jade was poured into it.


 But, he had no idea whether the energy of the Vermilion Bird Jade was enough for the profound ark to travel one hundred fifty kilometers while carrying him... He wasn’t even sure whether it would be able to move in the first place.


 As the ancient profound ark had to move while carrying an enormous world, it consumed an extremely large amount of energy and its requirement for the level of the energy source was also extremely high... In the Primordial Era, it was a profound ark that belonged to the god race so it naturally needed a god level energy source.


 Previously, the energy of the Golden Crow Jade was poured into it, which got exhausted soon after his journey to and from the Azure Cloud Continent.


 Later on, he didn’t use the primordial profound ark and that remained unchanged even when he arrived at the God Realm. He never believed that the primordial profound ark would be able to travel through the space of the God Realm before finding a suitable energy source.


 When the Golden Crow Jade acted as the energy source, it was simply unable to travel through the dark space of the Moon Slaughter Devil Nest and the dark world under Cloud’s End Cliff. The space of the God Realm would be even more tenacious in comparison, so it would be only right to assume that it wouldn’t be able to travel through the space here when using an energy source of the same level.


 The Vermilion Bird Jade was clearly an energy source of the same level as the Golden Crow Jade. At the time he obtained it, he was thinking of using it as the energy source for the Primordial Profound Ark when he went back to the lower realm.


 But right now... there was no other choice left with him! He could only bet on it!


 Inside the world of the profound ark, Yun Che was standing with the Heaven Smiting Sword in his hand. He was silently counting in his heart as he thought: Primordial Profound Ark, you’re a divine object that belonged to the Sword Spirit God Clan! I beg you to put in some effort to move yourself... It’s only one hundred fifty kilometers you need to travel from here. Even if it leads to the total consumption of the Vermilion Bird Jade’s energy, you have to make sure to carry it through!!”


 Otherwise... if I die here, you’ll die too! Even if I survive, I’ll still smash you into pieces!!


 Two breaths...


 Four breaths...


 Five breaths!!


 All of a sudden, the space outside switched over in an instant.


 Did it succeed?


 Yes, it did!!!


 At this moment of fear, due the intact power of the Vermilion Bird Jade and perhaps Yun Che’s conviction too, the Primordial Profound Ark successfully executed its first spatial travel in the God Realm.


 Although it only traveled the short distance of one hundred fifty kilometers, it was no different from a brilliant miracle to Yun Che.


 If it was possible, the best outcome would definitely be him having Mu Xuanyin enter the Primordial Profound Ark and leaving for some far away place from here... But Yun Che didn’t dare harbor such an extravagant hope. His gambling had just begun.


 The instant it succeeded in switching over space, Yun Che activated “Rumbling Heaven,” causing his profound strength to reach its limit. Grabbing the Heaven Smiting Sword in his hand, he rushed out of the primordial profound ark, charging straight to the center of the battle of the two great Divine Masters—a terrifying place where his existence could get thoroughly erased in a split second. However, he showed no hesitation to do so, because he believed in Mu Xuanyin and he himself believed that the latter would believe in him too!


 When the Primordial Profound Ark appeared, a huge frost barrier enveloped it... which was formed by the last bit of Mu Xuanyin’s power.


 As primordial divine object, Yun Che was sure that it wouldn’t get destroyed that easily. The one who needed the protection wasn’t the Primordial Profound Ark but him.


 When Yun Che rushed out of the profound ark, he got immediately enveloped in a frost crystal. The first thing he saw was Mu Xuanyin’s eyes. She had directly bumped into him and her bloodstained palm firmly held onto his shoulder. Apparently, she had poured all her remaining energy into the frost crystal protecting him.


 “You...” She wanted to angrily scold him but there was no way that the ancient horned dragon, who was currently running amok, would give them the time for that. When Mu Xuanyin had exerted all her strength toward the primordial profound ark and Yun Che, the ancient horned dragon had also let out a bellow and swooped over to them. Frightful flames curled around its huge claws as it ruthlessly smashed them down in their direction.


 It didn’t take long for Yun Che’s outer clothing to get dyed in red by Mu Xuanyin’s blood. In the face of the hot pursuit from the ancient horned dragon and its approaching destructive power, she used most of her power to protect Yun Che and hence, was basically unable to withstand its attack any longer. It was already impossible for her to break away from its force and oppressive power and leave the place with Yun Che—because once the energy that she had used on him for his protection disappeared or weakened, let alone the remnant waves of the horned dragon’s attacks, even the coercion that was emanating from it was enough to exterminate him in an instant.


 She could not think of any reason for him to rush over in such a manner!


 Yun Che slowly lifted his head to look at the claw of the dragon that appeared to be falling from the firmament. The expression in his eyes was calm like a glacial lake and he surprisingly closed them in the face of the incoming attack.


 As he concentrated his mind, it felt as if time had suddenly begun to slow down.


 He lifted the Heaven Smiting Sword, with the tip of the sword pointing towards the sky above and then moved it in a slashing motion... as though making a standard circular arc in the air.


 In the wake of the soundless movement of the tip of his sword, space, law, and order grew chaotic all of a sudden.


 If he succeeded, there would be a slim chance of survival; if he failed, he would die without a doubt!


 Father, Mother, Yuanba, Lingxi, Caiyi, Yue’er, Xue’er, Ling’er... bless me!


 I’ll definitely succeed... I must succeed!!


 It seemed as if time had frozen and the world had became incomparably calm and quiet. Following his swinging of the Heaven Smiting Sword in a complete circular arc, a colorless, formless, soundless and traceless profound formation instantly took shape; one whose existence could only be sensed by Yun Che.


 In this moment, Yun Che‘s eyes also suddenly opened and he unleashed decisive rays of cold light.


 “Evil God’s Fourth Style...”


 “Moon——Star——Restoration!!”

