

Chapter 382 - Frozen End Divine Hall

  

 Xiao Sect and Burning Heaven Clan disciples all number no less than several tens of thousands, so many that there were probably more than a hundred thousand. If one added the branch sects and outer clans, the number would be even harder to predict. From top to bottom, Heavenly Sword Villa had more than a few hundred thousand. Compared to that, the equally famous Frozen Cloud Asgard was far more pocket-sized. Added up altogether, the entire Frozen Cloud Asgard had a total of roughly two thousand members.


 However, Frozen Cloud Asgard’s main hall was still especially wide and roomy, so vast that it could accommodate several thousand disciples. The surrounding ice peaks varied in height, and different shaped profound ice stood in great numbers. Even a random block of profound ice here, perhaps had a thousand, or even ten thousand years of history. Every building here were nearly all constructed out of ice crystals. It was practically impossible to not see the Chilled Snowflake Grass everywhere, and every one of them were incomparably precious.


 Yun Che followed Xia Qingyue for an hour, yet actually did not encounter any Frozen Cloud disciples. Every Frozen Cloud disciple had their own private housing and training room. Moreover, a majority of their temperaments were ice cold, so even if it was within the sect, it was very rare for them to show their face.


 “Isn’t this place a bit too quiet? To have stayed in this place for so many years, you don’t feel bored?” Yun Che looked at his surroundings, unable to help but utter that out. The landscape here was so pure that it was close to illusory, as if one had walked into paradise. Occasionally admiring the scenery was obviously not bad, but if Yun Che had to stay in this cold and desolate place forever, it wasn’t known how long until he would suffocate to death.


 Xia Qingyue said softly: “The cultivation of my sect’s Frozen Cloud Art and Frozen Heart Art all stress about being ice cold and tranquil, cultivating here could not be even more perfect. This kind of environment suits me, and is not much different from how I lived life before I joined Frozen Cloud Asgard.”


 Before joining Frozen Cloud Asgard, Xia Qingyue also stayed in her room for a long time and stepped out of the family residence very infrequently. Even Yun Che, whom she had an engagement with since she was a child, only saw her a few times in more than ten years.


 “Everyone in Frozen Cloud Asgard has their own private housing and training room. Once Asgard Mistress has announced news of your joining my sect tomorrow, your own housing and training room will be arranged...” Xia Qingyue slightly shifted her gaze and glanced at Yun Che: “Only if you want it.”


 “Want it, of course I want it!” Yun Che immediately replied: “Currently, the price of housing is so expensive, only an idiot wouldn’t want a free house... Oh right, Qingyue my wife, where is your housing and training room? We’ve been married for so many years, not sleeping together is fine, but I don’t even know where you sleep!”


 Xia Qingyue tilted her head, looking at the ice crystal corals that brightly reflected colored lights: “My training room’s a bit special, after I finally comprehended Frozen End Divine Arts, the Mistress allowed me to cultivate at the Frozen Cloud Secret Ground inscribed with Frozen End Divine Arts.


 “Frozen End Divine Arts...” The tip of Yun Che’s brows twitched... In this past month, he had often thought about his wedding day with Cang Yue, the scene of how Xia Qingyue held back two great Emperor Profounds from the Divine Phoenix Sect, froze their flame, and sealed their movements...


 The flames released from those two great Emperor Profounds were phoenix flames ignited from the Phoenix bloodline! Yet they had been frozen over by Xia Qingyue of the same level! This completely signified... that Frozen End Divine Art’s might and level of laws were actually even higher, or at least, not lower than phoenix flames!


 Of course, those phoenix flames were not pure phoenix flames released from the divine Phoenix, and were rather profound fire with a bit of the phoenix attribute ignited from those who have inherited the phoenix bloodline. However, even if they were not pure phoenix flames, ordinary profound fire absolutely could not compare to them. Otherwise, the Divine Phoenix Sect would not have become the number one great sect within the Profound Sky Seven Nations.


 “Bring me to that Frozen Cloud Secret Ground you’re talking about to have a look. I suddenly want to see your... ah, no, our sect’s Frozen End Divine Arts.”


 Feng Qianhui had said so previously that as long as it was a place Xia Qingyue was allowed to go to, he could also go as well. Xia Qingyue did not refuse, and directly said: “If that’s the case, then follow me.”


 The Frozen Cloud Secret Ground that Xia Qingyue referred to was at the east side of Frozen Cloud Asgard, and Yun Che followed Xia Qingyue down a flight of ice crystal steps for a long while. Xia Qingyue’s eyes were liquid ice, graceful and quiet as they unwaveringly gazed forward. Yun Che used some time to check out the surrounding decorations and landscape, and a large majority of the time to gaze at Xia Qingyue’s complexion and figure... The first time he had met Xia Qingyue, she was not yet ten, yet he felt that she was beautiful to the point of obscurity, beautiful to the point of being unreal. Now that he looked at the Xia Qingyue who was almost within reach, he still felt the same way.


 Marrying a woman beautiful to the point of illusory, who was also Blue Wind’s number one beauty, was naturally what men dreamed of having. But she was obviously his wife, and they had been married for three years, yet they had never truly become husband and wife in the true meaning... As a typical man, saying that Yun Che did not have any of an ordinary man’s disgruntlement was impossible!


 “Cough, cough...” Yun Che suddenly opened his mouth and said seriously: “Qingyue my wife, Grand Asgard Mistress said that we cannot be husband and wife in the true meaning until you have perfectly completed Frozen End Divine Arts... Uh, how do you feel about that?”


 “...” Xia Qingyue continued to lightly step ahead of Yun Che. There was not the slightest of response, as if she simply did not hear what he had said.


 “How about I change the question.” Yun Che’s gaze scrolled from top to bottom, firmly staring at Xia Qingyue’s perfectly curved delicate body that was like a fairy from the Palace in the Moon. He couldn’t help but quietly gulp down a mouthful of saliva: “When... will you completely perfect Frozen End Divine Art?”


 Xia Qingyue still did not react, but if Yun Che walked in front of her, he would’ve seen the snowy clothes on top of her erect chest heavily move up and down.


 Because the main point of Yun Che’s question was... when are you going to sleep with me!


 “Qingyue my wife, please do not think that this is only a small matter. Between a husband and wife, this question is extremely important.” Yun Che said with a “grave” face: “Becoming a genuine married couple is not just the binding of name and emotions, it also requires the merging of body and spirit. And as for the merging of bodies, it even needs both the husband and wife...”


 “We are already here.”


 Four words that sounded like the sound of falling ice crystals interrupted Yun Che’s speech. Xia Qingyue’s footsteps had already stopped in front of a large ice crystal gate that emitted a dense white mist.


 Xia Qingyue extended a palm, pressing it atop the ice crystal gate. A blue light flickered in the center of her palm, and after a light sound of displacement, the originally tightly closed ice crystal gate silently opened. A piercing coldness assaulted the face, and what emerged in front of them was an especially spacious great hall. But the walls and bricks of this great hall were actually not made of cold ice, rather, they were made up of a deep blue-green stone.


 The cold air that came from straight up ahead carried a vaguely familiar fragrance —— it was the scent of a woman that solely belonged to Xia Qingyue. It seemed that Xia Qingyue spent most of her time here.


 “This hall is called the ‘Frozen End Divine Hall’, it is the place where our Frozen Cloud ancestor cultivated, and also the place where our Frozen Cloud ancestor departed the mortal realm.” Xia Qingyue slowly walked in, her voice was slow and gentle... as if all those nonsensical words Yun Che had said earlier did not enter her consciousness.


 Yun Che slanted his mouth and reached out towards Xia Qingyue’s butt, making a grabbing motion in the space between them. This made him feel a bit better, then he followed Xia Qingyue instead.


 The great hall was wide and empty, the floor, walls, and ceiling were all made of uniformly placed bluestone. The color of these bluestone were deep yet translucent, they slightly reflected light, and resembled dark jade. But apart from this, the entire great hall was completely empty, not even a seat or light stand was anywhere in sight.


 “You’re usually cultivating here? This place doesn’t seem all that special.” Yun Che swept his gaze everywhere as he said that, then, his gaze suddenly fell upon the most right side of the great hall, and fixed there, as he asked: “What’s that?”


 On the far right side of the great hall was a round, ringlike budge that was three meters wide and half a foot long. Its color was no different from the great hall, and it could even be said that it would be overlooked at first glance. From Yun Che’s position, the some special patterns seemed to be engraved upon the protrusion.


 “That is the profound escape formation that the Frozen Cloud ancestor had left behind.” Xia Qingyue slightly slanted her beautiful eyes: “If the sect encounters an unforeseen incident and is at the end of its ropes, one could use Frozen Cloud Arts to awaken this profound formation. This profound formation contains a space splitting power, and after this formation has been set in motion, it could send someone to an unpredictable region. However, it could only transfer one person, and once this formation has been activated, it requires a hundred years of time to absorb enough power so it could once again split space. In other words, if this formation were to be used, we must wait a hundred years to use it again.


 “But ever since Frozen Cloud Asgard has come to existence to now, this profound escape formation had never been used before.”


 “Oh...” Yun Che looked at the strange profound formation a few more times. He didn’t expect that there existed such a profound escape formation that would cut open space and let someone flee thousands of miles away if they had to, within Frozen Cloud Asgard.


 “You said before that Frozen End Divine Art’s profound formula is inscribed here, but this place obviously does not have it.” Yun Che said while shifting his gaze.


 Xia Qingyue didn’t speak. She raised her arms, and her white jade palms shone with an ice cold, light blue radiance... The originally bright and clean bluestone wall in front of them suddenly reflected rows of azure blue writing... on the rightmost side of the text were four large words that released an ice cold soul terrorizing light, which seemed to have been put together by ice crystals:


 Frozen End Divine Art!


 Xia Qingyue lowered her arms, and the blue light in her hands faded, as the words on the wall also completely faded away. She said in a soft voice: “Only when using the illumination of the light from Frozen Cloud Arts would the inscription of the Frozen End Divine Arts appear. If one was not a Frozen Cloud disciple, even if they came here, they would not be able to obtain the Frozen End Divine Art’s profound formula.


 “So that’s how it is.” Yun Che instantly understood.


 “Additionally, the bluestone within this hall is called the ‘Heavenly Firm Jade’. It has been said that it is a divine stone that had been nourished by a True God’s power in the Primordial Era. Incomparably hard and solid, slicing it would leave no lines, it would not crack if frozen, and not melt if burned by fire. Even the power from a peak Emperor Profound is incapable of doing it any harm. Thus, when training in this sort of place, you can practice any kind of technique, and not have to worry about destroying anything.”


 “Even a peak Emperor Profound... is unable to break it?” Yun Che lowered his head to look at the stone beneath his feet with an unconvinced expression. However, he couldn’t find any signs of damage in the blue-green stone anywhere in sight. Forget about a nick, he couldn’t even find a minute scratch.


 This stone, was it really as durable as Xia Qingyue had said it was?


 Without thinking or giving Xia Qingyue prior notice, Yun Che grabbed onto Dragon Fault and casually smashed downward.


 Clang!!


 He had obviously smashed atop the jade stone, yet Yun Che clearly felt as if he had smashed Dragon Fault against an incomparably hard steel plate. An ear-piercing sound resounded, and the ten thousand or so kilogram Dragon Fault had actually been directly bounced back, even so much that the vibration made Yun Che’s wrist feel a little numb... And the spot where Dragon Fault had slammed into was unexpectedly completely undamaged, even the smallest sliver of cuts that could be seen with the naked eye did not appear.


 Yun Che stared blankly for a while... His arm strength was incomparable, and Dragon Fault was even a powerful Emperor Profound heavy sword. Normally, there was nothing they could not overcome, and no one could obstruct them. Let alone some kind of rock, he could even collapse a small mountain in one strike... But now, he actually could not leave the slightest vestige of damage on this block of rock!!


 The corner of Yun Che’s mouth twitched, and Dragon Fault also released an impatient dragon cry... As a mighty Emperor Profound heavy sword, it actually was incapable of leaving behind any mark on this piece of rock. Even if Yun Che was willing to resign himself, its conscience would never accept it.


 “I just won’t believe it!” A burst of air came from within Yun Che’s chest, as if it was unable to be suppressed any longer. Both his hands gripped Dragon Fault, “Burning Heart” opened, and with a loud roar, he directly smashed down with ninety percent of his strength.
This essence is securely nested within the heart of Nøv€lß¡n★

 “Haah!!”


 Clang!!!!


 Space quaked, yet the ground did not tremble in the slightest. The instant Dragon Fault collided with the Heavenly Firm Jade, an extremely ear-piercing sound nearly tore apart Yun Che’s eardrums, and an enormous rebounding vibration came toppling over. It lifted Yun Che’s arms, made him retreat several steps, and made the blood and energy within his entire body bubble. Even Dragon Fault had nearly been thrown out of his grasp.


 And... the spot on the ground where Dragon Fault had smashed into, still did not have the least bit of a cut.


 This time, Yun Che was completely dumbstruck.


 The hell?! How can there be a rock as hard as this?

