

Chapter 751 - The End of the Era of Gods

  

 "The Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword existed since the primordial times. It was produced from the foundation and core power of the Primal Chaos Realm, it was also the Primal Chaos Realm’s first sword. It is the ancestor of every single sword and even every single weapon in the world! Ranked first in the Seven Heavenly Profound Treasures, it contains heaven defying strength. The legends say that even a powerless man wielding it, will be able to easily cut through the blue firmament and destroy the heavens.


 Jasmine duly described of this sword of legends... and even in the world she was born, the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword was also a legendary existence.


 "During the Era of Gods, no one had not heard of the name Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword. However, as the divine essence of its first owner, who was also its only owner in records—the head of the three Creation Gods "Mo E", dissipated entirely and their lifespan ended, the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword also disappeared without a trace. No one had ever seen traces of it ever again, until seven hundred thousand years later. In the center of the primal chaos, the silhouette of the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword appeared once again.”


 Yun Che: "..."


 Jasmine closed her eyes, as if immersing herself within distant memories, and continued narrating unhurriedly. “Because it existed in the middle of the Primal Chaos, the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword was discovered by the god and devil races at the same time, and they inevitably wanted it for themselves. This was because by obtaining the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword, they would possess supreme power within the entire Primal Chaos. It was something that none of the gods could resist.”


 “Thus, in order to obtain the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword, the southern region of the Primal Chaos world of the gods and the northern region of the Primal Chaos world of the devils waged a fierce war. At first, both sides were simply fighting in order to obtain the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword. As the war became fiercer, as increasing numbers of gods perished at the hands of the devils and increasing numbers of devils were buried by the gods, hatred started to breed, spread and intensify, causing the war between the gods and devils to become more bitter, causing even more gods and devils to perish, and causing the animosity to further deepen...


 Yun Che was entranced, however, one sentence roared in his heart tens of times... What did this have to do with the matter of Fen Juechen!?


 “The fierce battle between the two races lasted for thirty thousand years, with the devil race starting to collapse, even their northern area of the Primal Chaos was slowly being occupied by the gods. The remnants of the devil race were slowly forced to the corners of the Primal Chaos...”


 “In despair, the devil race started a counterattack without a care for the consequences... They sacrificed the taboo device that even they were incomparably terrified of...”


 “The Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations!”


 Jasmine’s eyebrows trembled for a split second whilst mentioning the name, as if that memory was extremely terrifying... an existence which made even the True Gods tremble.


 “Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations?” Yun Che was slightly shocked, then he remembered, “The second ranking of the Seven Great Heavenly Profound Treasures, the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations which is second only to the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword?”


 “That’s right.” Jasmine closed her eyes once again, “Although its ranking within the Seven Heavenly Profound Treasures is second after the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword, the extent of its terror far exceeds the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword. Even just based on its slaughtering and destructive capabilities, it could probably even surpass the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword.”


 “The Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword was birthed from the purest and most sacred force of the Primal Chaos, it is the strongest and most sacred sword. The Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations on the other hand is the most extreme opposite, it was born from the darkest and most evil forces of the Primal Chaos, containing the most extreme, the most terrifying negative energy. Once that energy is activated, even gods will not be able to control it, not to mention anyone else. Thus, even though the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations had always existed in the northern Primal Chaos, the devil race had always sealed and isolated it with their utmost might, not to mention using its strength, they did not even dare to go near it. Even when they had to continuously retreat during their war with the god race, they had never thought of using the strength of the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations.


 “However, the god race utterly defeated the devil race and gradually occupied more and more of the northern Primal Chaos, with the intention of eradicating the devil race. In desperation and grief, the devil race utilized the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations in a frenzy.


 Jasmine’s brows could not help but tighten, there was even a hint of pain in her voice, it seemed as if the memory was too horrifying, "When the power of the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations was activated, a wail as if from an infant, yet sinister and terrifying to the extreme spread to every corner of the Primal Chaos, an aura of death and a shadow enveloped every inch of space.


 “If it were the god race of the golden age, perhaps they could have banded together to resist the power of the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations, however, although the god race was victorious, thirty thousand years of bitter war had made them pay an extremely disastrous price. The golden age of the gods had withered to a point which words could not describe, they simply did not have the power to resist the destructive strength of the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations. All the gods were either destroyed, severely injured, or were inflicted with evil energy, their divine essence quickly draining. They were better off dead.”


 “It was not only the god race which experienced such a disaster, even the devil race who activated the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations had experienced it too. That miserable disaster exceeds your imagination by countless times... Those which were cut down like straws were not simply petty creatures, but True Gods, supreme existences which could easily rule the heavens. In order to survive, the remnant god and devil race could not help but to unite in order to resist the power of the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations, however, it was already too late, both races were forced to the verge of extinction... the power of the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations had also neared its end, just when both races thought they could see the light at the end of the tunnel, the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations released an extremely toxic poison across the skies, leading the god and devil races into an abyss of despair.”


 “Poison?” Yun Che subconsciously whispered.


 “That kind of poison was called ‘Myriad Tribulations’. Although you are well versed in the arts of poison, you could never have heard of this kind of poison.” Jasmine said apathetically, “It is even scarier than the ‘Heaven Wounding Thought Severing Poison’ that the Sky Poison Pearl can release! It is terrifying to the point that a True God can die by simply touching it!”


 Yun Che’s heart trembled, then he suddenly felt puzzled... Heaven Wounding Thought Severing Poison? What was that? How do I not know about it? When he initially used the poisonous strength of the Sky Poison Pearl, although the poison which was released was indeed scary, it was not to a level beyond reason. After using all of the poisonous strength, it was only enough to poison thirty-three cities and seventy-six sects.


 ...Could it be that when I had obtained the Sky Poison Pearl, the poisonous strength had been depleted already?
This chapter made its debut appearance via N0v3lB1n.

 Jasmine’s eyes swept across Yun Che and noted his reaction, but developed a different notion, she turned her head and said, “You do not need to feel shocked. Although the Sky Poison Pearl has the words ‘Sky Poison’ in its name, poisonous strength is not its main ability, its main ability is to purify and refine... in fact, it has the most powerful purifying and refining ability in the word!”


 “However, even if it is the Sky Poison Pearl’s purifying abilities, whether it can purify the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations’ ’Myriad Tribulations’ is unknown. The ‘Absolute God Slaying Poison’ that I was inflicted with and the devilish poison which Hong’er was inflicted with both originated from the evil essence of the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations when the ancient devil race used it. If it is able to produce a god slaying poison with simply its remnant aura, even True Gods would not be able to comprehend how terrifying ‘Myriad Tribulations’ is which was produced with the original power of the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations. At least to me, even the Sky Poison Pearl would not be able to purify ‘Myriad Tribulations’. If not, the the god race would not have been entirely wiped out.


 “...What happened after that? Were the god and devil races both destroyed just like this?” Yun Che asked in detail.


 “That’s right.” Jasmine nodded her head indifferently, “The destruction of the Era of Gods began with the first ranking Sky Profound Treasure, the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword, and ended with the second ranking Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations.”


 “Back then when I entrusted you with the Evil God’s Indestructible Blood, I had told you that the Evil God was the last god to perish during the Era of Gods. Then, the gods and devils perished, the Primal Chaos was a mess, countless stars and planets and living creatures perished, and the aura of the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations finally dispersed. Although the Evil God had not died, the ‘Terminator of Life’ in his body meant that he could not escape death. During the last moments of his life, he used his last bits of divine power to slow down the chaos within the Primal Chaos to his best ability, then, with his last bits of divine essence, he chose the lands he wanted to perish in... and finally died.”


 “Regarding the part about the Evil God, I had obtained pieces of memories when I initially obtained the Evil God’s Indestructible Blood, the Evil God must have deliberately done that while leaving behind his legacy. However, within these memories are many blanks, obviously the Evil God must have deliberately hidden some things that he did not want later generations to know about. Even the lands where he chose to perish and what he did in the last moments of his life, have been meticulously erased.”


 From the memories obtained from the Evil God’s Indestructible Blood... that would mean that under the heavens, whatever Jasmine had just said, she was the only one privy to such knowledge.


 But! But! But! What did all of these have to do with the matter of Fen Juechen!!!


 I only wanted to know what bizarre things had happened with Fen Juechen’s body, why did such ancient matters suddenly come up!!


 Although it was rather... interesting to listen!!


 Although that was the end of the Era of Gods and was a catastrophe which affected the entire Primal Chaos, it was too distant and vast for Yun Che. Moreover, it did not have anything to do with his present, past or future, he would only find it interesting, and maybe feel a little mind-blown... basically, there was no difference to hearing a made up myth.


 On the contrary, he was much more interested in Fen Juechen’s secret!


 This Chapter’s Teaser

