

Chapter 1603 - Untamed Divine Marrow

 This was the treasury of a realm king sect, so one could well imagine just how well-protected it was.


 Treasuries were the most important warehouse for a sect’s resources, but they were also a place where one could hide during an emergency or unforeseen accident. As a result, one entrance to the treasury was located in the crown prince’s bedchambers.


 The Thousand Desolation Divine Sect’s treasury was not being guarded by anyone, but it was sealed away behind six different barriers. Every barrier could only be opened by using the blood of someone directly related to the sect master, and it needed to be fresh blood at that. Moreover, the very last grand protective formation required them to step on ninety-nine different formation points in the correct order. If they made a single misstep, it would activate the profound formation and alert the entire sect.


 However, it was a pity that these defenses, defenses that were so tight that they were practically impregnable to most other people, were actually completely insignificant to Yun Che. He used the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince’s blood whenever he needed to and he followed the crown prince’s memories to easily navigate his way through the profound formation and opened the treasury’s large doors.


 An extremely dense spiritual energy that was mixed with a similarly dense darkness assaulted them.


 The treasury was huge. It was dozens of kilometers wide, and it stored countless spirit stones, profound crystals, precious jade, medicine, spirit pellets, profound artifacts, materials, weapons, profound arts, and other things as well.


 “This is a realm king’s sect after all. It is quite a bit grander than the one in the Nine Lights Heavenly Palace,” Qianye Ying’er said. However, when compared to the resources stockpiled by the Brahma Monarch God Realm, it did not even bear mentioning.


 All of the resources in their line of sight were covered by darkness barriers that looked like they had existed for a very long time. These darkness barriers were not strong so it would not take much effort to break them open, but if any of them were broken, the darkness aura they would release would immediately alert a relatively large area around the treasury.


 Furthermore, Yun Che could clearly sense that there was an extremely hard to detect soul imprint on these barriers. The moment these barriers were touched, the owner of these soul imprints would immediately sense it... and that person was most likely the Thousand Desolation Sect Master.


 Unfortunately for them, all of these things were mere decorations in front of Yun Che. With the power of the Eternal Calamity of Darkness, controlling these darkness barriers could not be any simpler.


 He stepped forward and swept a hand out. Then, one of the darkness barriers in front of him started to slowly fade away along with the soul imprint etched on it. It did not make a single sound or release any aura.


 After that, he directly swept the profound crystals that had lain underneath that barrier into the Sky Poison Pearl.


 These darkness barriers, which were originally the perfect fail-safe, were now being popped like bubbles by Yun Che, and all of the resources the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect had harvested from the Thousand Desolation Realm over all these years were swiftly being poured into the Sky Poison Pearl. At this time, after yet another barrier had been popped, a pile of dark jadestone that radiated an exceptionally violent aura appeared in front of them.


 “These are very high quality power jades,” Qianye Ying’er said. “Rather than being used to assist one’s cultivation, they are better used as fuel or an energy source.”


 Yun Che extended a hand and felt the aura radiating from these dark power jades. He said in a low voice, “Very good. With them around, we have enough power to complete one long-range teleportation.”


 The corner of Qianye Ying’er’s brows twitched, “The Primordial Profound Ark?”


 “Yes.” Yun Che grabbed the power jades and stored them inside the Sky Poison Pearl. “The Primordial Profound Ark’s ability to teleport was something the Heretic God carved into it using the World Piercer. As a result, as long as it has enough fuel, it can function exactly like a Void Illusion Stone, it can instantly teleport somewhere without leaving behind a single trace.


 “It’s just that using this method to traverse the God Realm requires an extremely large amount of energy. These power jades could power a normal profound warship for centuries, but if we used them to activate the Primordial Profound Ark’s ability... to make extremely long-range jumps, it would probably only be enough for one or two such jumps.”


 Qianye Ying’er was not the least bit surprised. If it truly could duplicate the effect of a Void Illusion Stone, then even if they could only use it once or twice with that amount of fuel, it would still be worth it.


 “He Ling, get Hong’er to eat up all of these power jades right now."


 Yun Che gave those instructions mentally before he said, “Now, we’ve tied up all the loose ends, so plunder this place to your heart’s content.”


 All of the strange and fantastic abilities that Yun Che possessed made him very suited to be a thief.


 The defenses of this place, which other people would not even be able to take a single step into, disappeared in front of him as fast as snow under a midday sun. In an extremely short amount of time, this gigantic treasury, the accumulation of the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect’s ten thousand years of backbreaking labor, had practically been emptied out by Yun Che... Its fate was exactly the same as the treasury in the Nine Lights Heavenly Palace.


 “Very good,” Qianye Ying’er said. “This time, you’ve gathered up enough resources to last you for a decent amount of time.”


 “Let’s go.” The remaining things were a bunch of stuff that was useless to him. But just as he was about to leave, He Ling’s voice suddenly rang in his ears, “Master, there is an extremely high-grade aura hidden beneath the corner on the right side of the room.”


 He raised his left hand and the Sky Poison Pearl flashed with a faint light of exposure.


 “What’s going on?” Upon noticing Yun Che’s strange behavior, Qianye Ying’er’s eyes swiveled towards him. “Have you found something?”


 Yun Che did not reply. He merely walked to the corner carefully and squatted down. Then, he pinpointed the location that He Ling had given him before gently slapping the ground with his fingers.


 Bang!


 With a soft ringing, the black jade floor under his feet cracked, revealing an invisible barrier.


 This barrier was extremely high level and unique, it did not radiate any aura and it also isolated all auras. It was clear that it had been formed from some sort of unique profound tool.


 Even though it was invisible, they were unable to see what was being sealed inside it.


 “An Immaculate Barrier!?” Qianye Ying’er walked over. “This thing is extremely rare. It is a barrier that can be said to be ‘absolutely auraless’ and it can only be created using an Immaculate Stone. Furthermore, even though the value of this Immaculate Stone isn’t equivalent to that of a Void Illusion Stone, it isn’t far off.”


 “To think that this tiny Thousand Desolation Divine Sect actually has this sort of barrier. I am very curious about what’s hidden inside.” Upon saying that, her brows suddenly knit together. “That’s strange, one can’t discover the existence of an Immaculate Barrier by using one’s spiritual perception, so how did you end up finding it?”


 As usual, Yun Che did not answer. He stretched out a hand, but he pulled it back just as he was about to touch the “Immaculate Barrier”. He asked, “How do we go about opening it?”


 “Given your current power, there’s no way you can open it,” Qianye Ying’er replied in a direct manner. “If it were so easy to open, then how could it be called an ‘Immaculate Barrier’.”


 “...” Yun Che did not move, but his gaze grew more and more focused. After a brief period of silence, he slowly extended his hands, one of them clad in fire and the other in ice.


 Qianye Ying’er, “?”


 The flame and ice slowly grew near to each other before coming into contact, one breath... two breaths... ten breaths...


 The spatial laws in the area began to riot. Qianye Ying’er felt as if half of her body was burning up while the other half was freezing. The look in her beautiful eyes subtly changed as she dashed backward and stared at Yun Che’s hands in shock... She stared at those flames which emitted an eerie azure light and went against all natural order, a flame that was radiating both heat and cold at the same time.


 “What... is that?” she asked. This time, the thing she was witnessing had not only shattered her knowledge and common sense, it had also shattered the most basic elemental laws!


 Yun Che remained silent and the ice flame in his hands slowly sank.


 The instant the ice flame touched the Immaculate Barrier, the barrier that, in Qianye Ying’er’s own words, “could not be broken”, melted away instantly like a layer of thin ice and soundlessly disappeared... without a trace.


 Qianye Ying’er, “!!”


 Yun Che’s hand swept down and the ice flame disappeared. After that, a diffuse purple light that was unimaginably pure shone on his face.


 This cluster of purple light instantly sucked in Qianye Ying’er’s gaze. She took a step forward, her golden eyes freezing for a long period of time as she breathed out the next few words in an incredibly strange fashion, “Untamed... Divine... Marrow!”


 “Oh, to think that you recognize it as well.” As he spoke, Yun Che’s gaze was also fixed on the purple light.


 The object in front of them was indeed the “Untamed Divine Marrow”. This name had come from Shen Xi’s teachings and the Royal Wood Spirit Orb’s memories.


 “This is a true divine object that contains primordial energy! How can I not know about it!?” An extremely strange light flashed through Qianye Ying’er’s golden eyes. “Even though I’ve never seen one before, this primordial energy which seems to house the entire universe inside of it is unmistakable! You wouldn’t be able to get it wrong even if you tried!”


 Primordial energy... Anything that was associated with these words always ended up being exalted and sacred objects.


 Even though Qianye Ying’er had recognized it with a single glance, she had also said she’d never seen it before. It was clear that even an existence like the Brahma Monarch God Realm had not been able to obtain such a thing. They only had records of it.


 “Primordial energy is nearly extinct in the Primal Chaos Realm, and to everyone’s knowledge, this divine object, the Untamed Divine Marrow, has long since disappeared from the face of this universe. This place is only a tiny superior sect in an upper star realm, so why would such a thing exist here... This is not something that an existence like the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect should have!”


 “It is also impossible that the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect erected this Immaculate Barrier, given their power.” Yun Che’s eyes flashed. “That means that when the Burning Moon King Realm put this Thousand Desolation Divine Sect here, it was not only to punish and replace the Heavenly Handle Yun Clan. It was also to hide this Untamed Divine Marrow!”


 “This is quite a huge and incidental harvest!” Qianye Ying’er muttered as her eyebrows sank. A deep excitement... and heat flashed in the depths of her golden eyes.


 Just like when she had found out about Yun Che’s Heretic God divine powers all those years ago.


 If this divine object that should have already completely disappeared from this universe was as powerful as it was recorded to be, then as long as they found the “correct” method of usage, it would allow her to obtain a “miraculous” increase in strength.
N0v3lRealm was the platform where this chapter was initially revealed on N0v3l.B1n.

 Yun Che extended his hand with incredible care. A thread of profound energy sank down and the Untamed Divine Marrow was moved into the Sky Poison Pearl.


 The purple light reflected in her pupils disappeared, but Qianye Ying’er’s gaze remained fixed where the Untamed Divine Marrow had been. She slowly said, “It looks like you’ve heard of the Untamed Divine Marrow. Since that’s the case, have you also heard of... this name, the ‘Divine Fruit of Absolute Beginning’?”


 “I’ve heard of it,” Yun Che said. He had also heard this name from Shen Xi. “They only exist in the God Realm of Absolute Beginning and they are guarded by the Dragons of Absolute Beginning. I also know that combining the Untamed Divine Marrow and the Divine Fruit of Absolute Beginning will create something that should not exist in this current age...”


 “The Untamed World Pellet!” Qianye Ying’er said. Her eyes glanced to the side. “These are things that the Dragon Queen told you about, right?”


 “She is Shen Xi!” Yun Che’s voice turned frosty.


 “Hmph!” Qianye Ying’er gave a low and cold laugh before saying, “There was a piece of Untamed Divine Marrow in the Northern Divine Region and it actually fell into our laps. I’m truly afraid that you might have used up all your luck for the next few millennia!”


 “However, if this matter is discovered by the Burning Moon King Realm,” she said as her voice grew cold, “they will definitely chase us to the ends of the universe! At that time, it will be hard for us to find a safe haven even in the Northern Divine Region.”


 They were currently far from having the ability to confront a king realm.


 “It’s about time to leave.” Yun Che did not show too much excitement over obtaining the Untamed Divine Marrow but neither did he show any fear. “Before we go, let’s take the chance to rock this place while the most troublesome person is still away.”


 “No,” Qianye Ying’er said. “Now that we have taken the Untamed Divine Marrow that was very likely hidden here by the Burning Moon King Realm themselves, we should flee as far and as fast as we possibly can... However, if you’re afraid that the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect will go and deal with the Heavenly Handle Yun Clan, then why don’t you leave them a big gift?”


 A sinister look flashed through Qianye Ying’er’s eyes. “Today is that idiot crown prince’s birthday, so every important person from the top sects in the Thousand Desolation Realm are gathered here... If all of these people were to die here and their treasury were to be emptied, do you still think that the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect would have any spare time or energy to care about one Heavenly Handle Yun Clan?”

