

Chapter 275 - Gargantuan Favor

  

 In the blink of an eye, two days had passed since members of the ranking tournament’s top ten entered the Heaven Basin Secret Realm.


 Several tens of people anxiously stood waiting on the vacant space in Heavenly Sword Villa’s rear mountains. These were precisely the members of the various sects who could not enter the Heaven Basin Secret Realm. Heaven Basin Secret Realm was a completely isolated world, and news of anything that happened in there could not be transmitted, so they had absolutely no idea as to what happened in there during these two days.


 Cang Yue and Xia Yuanba were undoubtedly the most worried of persons there, because not only did Yun Che enter with serious injuries that had not fully healed, his profound strength had not even fully recovered either, which meant that the danger of him entering this unknown area was increased exponentially. In these past two days, Cang Yue could barely eat and could barely sleep. She had long since been waiting in this spot, and anxiously waited for Yun Che’s figure to appear.


 Ling Kun stood in the middle of the open space and silently looked on ahead.


 Zzzt!


 In the wake of the brilliant radiance brought along by the spatial vortex, a person dressed in white was tossed out. His hair was disheveled and his clothes were worn out, as if he had recently fought a fierce battle... The first person to come out, was surprisingly Ling Yuefeng.


 Ling Kun opened his eyes, and faintly asked: “Any finds?”


 Ling Yuefeng slightly exhaled, and answered with knitted brows: “We were not lucky this time, and encountered Heaven Basin Secret Realm’s harsh winter. Everything was sealed in ice and covered by snow, so there weren’t any great gains.But, I made an astonishing discovery, inside this Heaven Basin Secret Realm, unexpectedly dwells a Tyrant Profound Beast!”


 “Oh?” Ling Kun’s gaze flashed: “What kind of Tyrant Profound Beast?”


 Ling Yuefeng shook his head: “I have only perceived its sound force and did not dare to approach it. Perhaps someone had the misfortune of angering it.”


 “Hmm...” Ling Kun muttered: “There was actually a Tyrant Profound Beast inside. If I knew that, I would’ve went in together with you. Wanting to find a Tyrant Profound Beast, is not that easy.”


 Although Heaven Basin Secret Realm was mysterious, the things that could be found inside were too inferior to Ling Kun. After he had entered once, he had no interest entering again, which was why he didn’t go this time.


 Zzzt Zzzt Zzzt Zzzt...


 After Ling Yuefeng, were the flickering of many rays of light. More and more people were being tossed out. Even though Ling Yun and Ling Jie were both in tattered clothing, they were both perfectly fine, and also had some findings.


 Members of the various large sects appeared one after another. Very quickly, Xiao Sect’s members were all present, and Burning Heaven Clan’s members were appearing one after another... but in the end, only four had come out.


 Fen Moli appeared with a murderous aura that filled the sky. The moment he appeared, he loudly roared with extreme rage: “Mu Tianbei!! You brute, come out right now!! To actually have murdered my Second Young Master... I will exterminate your entire clan!!”


 Fen Moli’s anger and shout instantly made the members of Heavenly Spear Thunderfire Fortress tremble with fear, and also stunned everyone present... Mu Tianbei killed Fen Juebi? Nobody had heard that there were any grievances between Heavenly Spear Thunderfire Fortress and Burning Heaven Clan. Why would Mu Tianbei kill Fen Juebi... To have killed Burning Heaven Clan’s Second Young Master, had Mu Tianbei gone crazy!?


 “Great Elder!” Fen Juecheng immediately went to Fen Moli’s side, pulled him to the side, and said whispered something with gritted teeth.


 More and more people were coming out, and every time one came out, Cang Yue’s heart would tightly squeeze a little. Xia Yuanba incessantly comforted her on the side: “Senior Sister, rest assured. Brother-in-law is so strong, so he definitely be fine.”


 Zzzt...


 The last rays of light flashed in the empty space, and Yun Che simultaneously appeared with Xia Qingyue. They stood side by side.


 “Junior Brother Yun!” Cang Yue shouted out with pleasant surprise and immediately let go of all her worries. She sucked in a long breath of air, and hurriedly dashed at Yun Che.


 And at this time, an angry roar suddenly exploded like a clap of thunder: “Despicable junior... Die!!”


 In the midst of the roar, Fen Moli immediately pounced like an angry lion. His entire right arm ignited with deep purple flames, as he directly burst towards Yun Che.


 Everyone present were all basically discussing their findings and gains within the Heaven Basin Secret Realm. No one would ever think that the situation would change in this way. Qin Wushang immediately turned pale with fright. Chu Yueli and Chu Yuechan’s complexions had also abruptly changed... because Xia Qingyue was standing right next to Yun Che. Under this attack from Fen Moli, it was extremely possible for Xia Qingyue to be harmed as well. How could two juniors possible withstand an attack from an expert half a step into the Emperor Profound Realm?


 But since everything was so unexpected, once they had time to react, Fen Moli had already flown in front of them. There was simply no time for them to block it, and they could only simultaneously yell out: “Stop!!!”


 Cang Yue, who had almost arrived at Yun Che’s side suddenly felt an incomparably scorching air current come from her rear, and the dangerous feeling made her rosy complexion lose color. Fen Moli’s attack in extreme rage was fast and ferocious. He wanted to instantly kill Yun Che, and judging by the direction in which he had charged at, Cang Yue would be the first to be affected.


 Yun Che’s brows immediately sank. Instead of withdrawing, his figure flashed forward, and he rapidly sound transmitted to Xia Qingyue: “Help me cripple him!!”


 After leaving behind an afterimage, Yun Che had already flashed beside Cang Yue, tightly embraced her, and activated “Sealing Cloud Locking Sun”...


 In the midst of everyone’s surprised gazes, as if mad, Xia Qingyue confronted Fen Moli’s attack. Blue light curled around her right hand as she extended one hand forward and met Fen Moli’s purple flame.


 “Qingyue!!” This scene made Chu Yueli turn pale in horror, as she could only helplessly watch the two people’s attacks collide...


 A muffled sound echoed as an enormous ice lotus instantly blossomed between the two people. Under the swiveling of the ice lotus, the purple flames on Fen Moli’s arms instantly extinguished completely. Without even having time to be bewildered, the enormous ice lotus suddenly split open, transforming into nine smaller ice lotuses that separately smashed onto Fen Moli’s face, neck, body, ribs, and limbs...


 Though they were both at the Emperor Profound Realm, if Xia Qingyue had to go against Chu Yuechan, she would be defeated without question, because in terms of battle experience and mastery of the Frozen Cloud Arts, she was far inferior compared to Chu Yuechan. However, in regards to pure profound strength, she had already completely surpassed Chu Yuechan by one level, and had surpassed all of the Frozen Cloud Seven Fairies. In this kind of direct collision, even Chu Yuechan would be at a disadvantage, let alone a Fen Moli... Even though half a step into the Emperor Profound Realm only had half a step of distance from the Emperor Profound Realm, this half step was a tremendous chasm!


 The scene that everyone had expected to happen did not appear. What they saw, was actually Fen Moli being thrown backwards outside of the fluttering ice crystals. He landed with a groan, and his eyes protruded outwards. His complexion was pale as he widened his eyes and firmly fixed his gaze at Xia Qingyue. His throat surged with movement, until finally, his entire body trembled all over. With a thump of his heart, he knelt on the ground as his entire body twitched in pain.


 Xia Qingyue casually withdrew her arm. During this entire course of events, she had not moved from her current location. The profound energy produced by the exchange between her and Fen Moli was obviously incomparably frightening, but under the protection of Sealing Cloud Locking Sun, Yun Che and Cang Yue had only been thrown into the distance, and was not even the slightest bit injured. He promptly released Cang Yue and worriedly looked her up and down: “Senior Sister, are you alright?”


 Cang Yue’s little face had turned pale from the change of events earlier. With her profound strength at the True Profound Realm, being immersed in the collision between one at the Emperor Profound Realm and one half step into the Emperor Profound Realm was a sensation similar to dropping down the abyss of death. When she saw the safe and sound Yun Che, she laughed in relief: “I’m alright...”


 After she said those two words, she discovered that their surroundings had become frighteningly quiet... Everyone’s gaze were focused upon Xia Qingyue. Regardless of whether it was the young disciples or those imposing experts, all of their faces had suddenly warped into that of shock.


 “Emperor... Profound... Realm!” Ling Kun looked at Xia Qingyue with sinking eyebrows, and an elusive tint flashed in his eyes. The three words he had said aloud resonated like three claps of thunder beside everyone’s ears.


 “This isn’t... possible...” Ling Yuefeng absent-mindedly murmured. The shock in his heart was indescribable. Although Chu Yuechan stepping into the Emperor Profound was surprising, it was still completely acceptable. After all, she was originally half a step into the Emperor Profound Realm. But Xia Qingyue... a seventeen year old Throne. In Blue Wind Empire, this was practically even more fantastical than myth! Even if one were to personally witness this, they were incapable of believing it.


 Everyone had become completely dumbstruck. A seventeen year old Throne, this was a concept that they were fundamentally unable to comprehend, and also something they were simply unable to accept.
N0v3lTr0ve served as the original host for this chapter's release on N0v3l--B1n.

 “Qingyue, you... you actually...” Chu Yueli walked over. She looked at Xia Qingyue with beautiful eyes filled with shock and incredibility. Since a disciple had made a breakthrough, she ought to be happy, but the breakthrough Xia Qingyue had made this time was just too exaggerated, and too terrifying. What she first felt, was actually terror.


 Standing in front of Xia Qingyue, and sensing the aura of a Throne coming from her, even as her Master, Chu Yueli, still felt a deep oppression.


 Xia Qingyue walked forward, gently made a disciple’s courtesy, and softly explained in front of everyone’s gazes: “Master, disciple had a fortuitous encounter within the Heaven Basin Secret Realm, and consumed a fully bloomed Emperor Awakening Heart Lotus... Only, this disciple never thought that the effectiveness of the Emperor Awakening Heart Lotus far surpassed the rumors. In the span of one day, it unexpectedly allowed this disciple to directly break into the Emperor Profound Realm.”


 The intelligent Xia Qingyue knew that she had to explain this matter in front of everyone present. The breakthrough she had this time was too world-shocking. Those shocked, were not only a little Blue Wind Empire. If she did not explain it properly, there would inevitably be many people or forces... outside of Blue Wind Empire that would do their utmost to investigate the reason behind it in attempts to reap some profit. It was extremely possible for this to attract unexpected trouble, so she simply publicized the reason behind it, cutting off any sort of future troubles. At the same time, since she had already consumed the Emperor Awakening Heart Lotus, others would obviously not covet any remaining surplus. Even if they longed for it, it would still lead to nowhere.


 “So that’s... it... So that’s it!”


 The name, Emperor Awakening Heart Lotus pierced like thunder through the ten large sects’ ears. That was the sacred object written about in Blue Wind Empire’s records! Rumors of the Emperor Awakening Heart Lotus’ existence being within the Heaven Basin Secret Realm had also been there for several hundred years. After hearing the cause of this change, a portion of the terror within Chu Yueli’s mind naturally dissipated, and was replaced by extremely pleasant surprise and excitement: “Four hundred years ago, a late senior who had fallen within the Heaven Basin Secret Realm had left behind news of an Emperor Awakening Heart Lotus within the Secret Realm. In these several hundred years, numerous seniors had also attempted to find it. I didn’t expect that this great opportunity had actually fallen onto you... This is truly a blessing from Heaven.”


 As the other sects’ members listened in on their conversation, the shock, admiration, and jealousy in their eyes were practically leaking out of their body... The Emperor Awakening Heart Lotus, a sacred object from legends! No wonder why a young girl had reached the Emperor Profound Realm in one step. This was Xia Qingyue’s good luck, and was also Frozen Cloud Asgard’s good luck... In front of this heaven-sized great luck, they seriously felt that even with their several hundred years of luck added together, it would not even reach this Frozen Cloud Asgard that had recently obtained an Emperor Awakening Heart Lotus!!


 They simply could not imagine what sort of realm the seventeen year old Xia Qingyue, who had entered the Emperor Profound Realm, would reach in the future... But what they did expect, was that when Xia Qingyue fully matured, as long as she was there, it was impossible for Heavenly Sword Villa to maintain their stable and unmoving, millennium long, number one position!


 Xia Qingyue actually shook her head, and softly replied: “Master, this actually isn’t disciple’s good luck. The Emperor Awakening Heart Lotus wasn’t actually found by this disciple. And was instead...” She used her eyes to hint at Yun Che, and continued: “And was instead discovered by Sir Yun. At that time, disciple had encountered a gigantic beast within the Secret Realm, and was bound for death. To save me, Sir Yun allowed me to consume the Emperor Awakening Heart Lotus... If not for Sir Yun’s rescue, not only would it be impossible for me make a breakthrough, even my life would remain inside Heaven Basin Secret Realm.”


 Xia Qingyue’s words were even a bit unexpected to Yun Che... because the few sentences she said to play it down, had actually made Frozen Cloud Asgard owe him a gargantuan favor!!

