

Chapter 42 Master Jasmine

  

 “Bang!!”


 Without any emotion or warning, the instant Jasmine raised her hand, Xiao Jiu’s expression abruptly changed; it changed into extreme horror, as if he had seen the most terrifying of hells at that moment. Afterwards, a terrifying sound of exploding body parts came about, and his body busted open with a loud bang.


 The head, four limbs, torso, and the organs... All shattered in an instant, blossoming into a huge bloody flower. His scattering specks of blood flew far away and splashed, dying the entire surrounding surface blood red....


 Yun Che: “!!!!”
The initial instance of this chapter being available happened at N0v3l.Bin.

 The two from Xiao Sect, Xiao Ba and Xiao Jiu, were superpowers for the Xiao Sect Master’s son, yet one had his body split open instantaneously, and the other had his body instantaneously explode. They were both unexpectedly killed instantly all under Jasmine’s hand, yet there weren’t any signs of apparent struggle. Perhaps even until their death, they still wouldn’t understand how they had died.


 Furthermore, the way they had died was more miserable than the other. This Yun Che with two lifetimes had killed countless people so he was long accustomed to gore and cruelty, for when facing the people he extremely hated, his way of handling them was equally as sinister. Yet never was there a time that he could be as savage as she was to arbitrary kill people as she pleased... To be more precise, he didn’t actually have the ability to do so. This red haired girl who claimed to be “Jasmine”, who exactly was she....


 “Uuaah....”


 A painful moan suddenly came out from Jasmine’s mouth as her petite body instantly squatted on the floor, and started to shiver all over.


 Xiao Ba had became a lump of mincemeat while Xiao Jiu had became a pool of bloody water. Yun Che suddenly understood why she had claimed to be the “Blood-Soaked Jasmine”; from her way of killing, one could imagine how many people she had killed, and how brutally her victims died under her hand. She was clearly only a girl that had not yet grown up, but from her actions, it was as if she was a heartlessly ruthless god of death.


 Yun Che’s inner heart uncontrollably gave birth to a cold and icy fear. Looking at her painful expression, Yun Che hesitated for a moment but still walked two steps forward and said: “You clearly could have used only the smallest of power to killed him, yet you wanted him to die without a full corpse... Your soul is now infected with a unique poison, once you use your profound strength, this poison will take advantage of it and enter, to devour your soul...”


 “Awooooo~~~”


 A long wolf howl suddenly sounded out from behind Yun Che, and this howl was obviously extremely close... so close that it was right beside his ear. Yun Che immediately spun around and sure enough, on his right, he saw a mature wolf covered in grey fur that had unknowingly appeared twenty feet from him that stared at him with savage eyes.


 Wild wolf!!


 Yun Che’s heart suddenly became alarmed.... This was the borderline of the town, how could there a wild wolf even appear! Even though this wild wolf was only a normal beast, it was still a wolf, and it was in a place that was impossible for it to be in.


 Wait... The wind was still currently blowing, and Xiao Ba was turned into mincemeat earlier, so if the scent of blood was carried by the wind... there was a high chance of it attracting blood-thirsty profound beasts! This wild wolf that had suddenly appeared didn’t even give Yun Che enough time to react or think; it growled once to then charge in a straight line, leaping at a distance of around seven steps straight towards Yun Che. Its glittering cold sharp claws were sufficient enough to immediately shred his body.


 What Yun Che had said previously wasn’t wrong at all. In order for Jasmine to enter the Sky Poison Pearl, she sucked Yun Che’s blood, thus attaching her life to his, and therefore Yun Che’s life also became her life. If Yun Che died, she will die as well; even if she did not die, if she lost the Sky Poison Pearl, her soul would scatter in a short period of time due to the poison in her body.


 Therefore, seeing the wolf pouncing towards Yun Che, a hint of murderous intent flashed across Jasmine’s eyes, and raging profound energy began to condense in her hand... But in the moment she used her profound strength, she felt as if she was being pierced by thousands of arrows. Her entire body became stiff and a painful whine came out from her mouth as all the condensed profound energy from before, dispersed. Her entire body started to twitch from the pain, her body suddenly blurred, becoming clear at times, yet also indistinct in others, as if she was only an illusion....


 When she first used her strength to cut down Xiao Ba, she felt the strong rebound effect of the Absolute God Slaying Poison, and the second usage of her profound strength to exterminate Xiao Jiu multiplied the rebound effect. Channeling her profound strength again this time activated the deadly poison in her body, and it started to devour her soul frantically, like a snake that had just awakened from its slumber. Let alone attack the wolf, she was already incapable of standing upright. Faced with the poison’s outbreak, her half transparent body seemed as if it may possibly vanish like smoke into thin air.


 “Don’t use your profound energy!!”


 As he looked at Jasmine’s body that was appearing now and then, Yun Che started to frown. Meanwhile the wild wolf overhead, began to drop head first, its razor sharp teeth coming closer and closer to his eyes....


 Slash!!


 The clothes on his right shoulder were ferociously ripped apart as it almost injured the flesh. Yun Che who had dangerously dodged a sudden right pounce didn’t wait to get up and instead used all the strength in his right hand that was tightly clenched and swung in the direction of the grey wolf. The lump of powder that he had prepared to use on Xiao Ba accurately scattered on the head of the wild wolf who had just landed.


 The wild wolf suddenly gave a mournful roar, and its body collapsed mid roar as its claws desperately clawed at its own eyes. Yun Che immediately stood up and quickly grab the dagger Jasmine had thrown on the floor earlier. He suddenly gritted his teeth and using all his strength to pounce back towards the wild wolf, with the intention of piercing its throat by using the dagger in his hand.


 Although wild wolves were normal beasts, their skin and bones were all extremely sturdy. When a normal person used their entire strength to pierce its throat, the result would just be a mere flesh wound that wouldn’t harm its life but instead would agitate its aggressiveness. Yun Che’s dagger came down at an extreme speed and the place it landed was unwaveringly locked within his line of sight... The dagger accurately went through the space between the throat bones of the wild wolf and sliced open its throat.


 The wild wolf’s roar began to lose power. It’s entire body violently twitched before collapsing on the ground without a sound.


 “Phew...” Yun Che let out a deep sigh of relief and stretched out his hand to wipe his forehead filled with sweat. Although his strength was low and his body was weak, his battle experience and eyesight were still there. The fact that the him, who previously disdained the entire world, had such difficulty with an extremely normal wild wolf, made him involuntarily reveal a bitter smile.


 With an expression of pain on her face, Jasmine was like wounded kitten as she laid curled up on the floor, while her body still continued to flash like before. After Yun Che caught his breath, he got up and went to her side. He placed his left hand on her shoulder, released the detoxification power of the Sky Poison Pearl quickly, and restrained the poison that raged within her body and soul.


 Absolute Divine Slaying Poison... what kind of poison was it exactly! That it would go as far as to take the life of this girl with monstrous power.


 The pain in Jasmine’s small face finally started to lessen, however her body was still alternating between clear and indistinct. Furthermore, the rate of it changing started to get more and more frequent, as it clearly showed signs of dissipating... At this moment, Jasmine suddenly raised her face, stretched out her hand and immediately grabbed onto Yun Che’s right wrist;she parted her tender lips, and used her snow white teeth to firmly bite his forefinger.


 The pain from his finger caused Yun Che’s face to distort; he felt his finger get bitten by sharp teeth, and the blood droplets that seeped out were all sucked into Jasmine’s mouth. Compared to the fear of his blood being sucked by her the first time, Yun Che was much calmer now, he didn’t struggle at all and also let her bite his finger in anyway she wanted. The soft and warm feeling of a small tongue was pressing against the tip of his finger firmly, giving him an indescribable feeling of enjoyment under his acute pain....


 Along with droplets of blood being sucked into Jasmine’s mouth, the rate of change in Jasmine’s body started to slow down, before finally stopping half a minute later. Although her face was still pale white, Jasmine removed her teeth from his finger afterwards, for at least, she was no longer in pain.


 Yun Che took a step back, looked at the bite mark on forefinger on his right hand that was still oozing with blood, and spoke while breathing in the cold air: “Are you... related to a dog! To bite me every time you see me!”


 Jasmine stretched out her small hand and gently wipe the corners of her mouth, as her young and tender face still lingered with fear. She gritted her teeth slightly, frowned and said coldly: “Isn’t that because you’re useless! If not how would this princess be forced to end up like this!”


 “Me useless?” Yun Che laughed at himself: “Heh, compared to you, I am indeed useless. A normal wild wolf could easily take my life. If you had not saved me twice, I would have already died under the hands of the two you had killed just now... But, no matter how useless I am, I did save your life twice. If you had not met me that night, you would have already been poisoned to death. Just now, if I have abandoned you, a dangerous little girl, and walked away, your soul could have already dispersed. When you’re saying that I am useless, have you ever thought about thanking me?”


 Jasmine kept silent.


 “Being able to meet the Sky Poison Pearl at the brink of death is counted as your blessing. However your luck clearly ends here; my profound vein has been crippled, if I don’t fix it, I will only stay at the first level of the Elementary Profound Realm my entire life. You are infected with a deadly poison so you cannot, anyhow, use your power and with only my strength, when facing a bigger danger, I could perish any moment, to thus drag you down with me.” Yun Che indifferently said as he used his hand to hold the finger that had eventually stopped bleeding.


 Jasmine continue to keep silent; however the expression in her eyes kept changing, as if she was hesitating or struggling over something.


 “But you don’t have to worry, I will try my best to find a way to fix my own profound vein... No! I must find a way! Before that happens, I will take care to protect my own life.” Xiao Che said with a calm and determined face. In his mind, appeared the figure of Xiao Lie and Xiao Lingxi once again. For them, he had to walk down this extremely challenging path within the fastest speed, no matter the cost.


 “Fix your profound vein?” A disdainful smile emerged from the girl’s face: “I’ve already taken a look at your profound vein; it wasn’t damaged recently, but was seriously damaged when you were little and it was before the complete formation of your profound vein, thus it was destroyed at the roots. As of today, your profound veins are crippled beyond comparison! With this kind of situation, there is indeed a way to forcefully fix it; however even after you fix it, you can at most only open up three Profound Entrances! Furthermore, you had already miss the fourteen year old critical period of elementary profound foundation; with this state, in ten years, you won’t even be able to break through the Elementary Profound Realm! In addition, you also will not be able to break through the Nascent Profound Realm your entire life... and still remain, as before, a useless trash!”


 Jasmine’s words caused Yun Che’s expression to suddenly turn rigid and both his hands began to clench. Jasmine’s words stabbed at the truth he had always been avoiding in his heart... Just like she had said, his profound vein had been crippled at its roots; even if he knew the way to fix it, he could only fix a small portion of it, so his profound vein would still be half-crippled. Due to the fact that he had missed the most critical foundation period, not only would the speed of his profound strength cultivation g will be extremely slower, compared to others people by a multiplicative degree, but also... it was practically impossible to break through into the True Profound Realm.


 Yun Che’s chest heavily undulated. Gritting his teeth, he said: “I will find a solution for all of that!”


 “You wanted to collect all types of herbs and use the Sky Poison Pearl’s refinement ability to make every type of medicine, to make yourself stronger, right? It does seem like a good idea. However, with your laughable ability, what can you rely on to borrow those high-grade herbs! Instead, you will be consigned to eternal damnation, thus dragging this princess to death with you!”


 With complete set of clear eyes, Jasmine lifted her face, as if she had finally made a decision: “Keep your laughable ideas to yourself. You have saved this princess’ life, therefore this princess shall indeed repay you.... You only need to promise this princess three conditions. Then, this princess will immediately let you have..... A new set of profound veins....”


 Under Yun Che’s startled gaze, Jasmine’s expression in her eyes became deep and mysterious, as her voice suddenly became softer: “A set of profound veins with the strength of a god!”

