

Chapter 1509 - Wedding Dates! Wedding Dates!

 “You’re the one who said it. If I win, you’ll leave this place together with me and no matter where I go, you’ll follow me. I didn’t forget a single word you said. Furthermore, I also have another piece of very good news for you.”


 He leaned into Jasmine’s ear as he recounted the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor’s decision, causing Jasmine to be stunned for a very long time.


 All of his difficulties and troubles had been scattered to the winds, all of his hopes were gathered in his bosom and his future seemed boundlessly bright. It was just like Xia Qingyue had said. There was no better outcome than this one.


 “Alright, so just come with me, okay?” Yun Che firmly grasped Jasmine’s small hand as he felt an unbearable urge to bring her back to the Blue Pole Star right away—to the place where they had first met, the place which had tightly bound their fates together. “Oh right, Qingyue said that she wanted to see you and return to the Blue Pole Star together with us. What... do you think about that?”


 Jasmine turned her gaze away slightly. She suddenly withdrew her small hand, causing it to slip out of Yun Che’s grasp like a fish. Her body also turned away from him, devilish energy imperiously flaring up as she said, “I still can’t leave this place yet.”


 “Eh?” Yun Che blanked out for a moment and his heart skipped a beat after that. “Why? You’re not going back on your word, are you?”


 “Before I leave, I want to go and see Caizhi once more,” Jasmine said in a gloomy voice. “This time, I will choose to meet with her in person. I might not be the only person who will accompany you back to the Blue Pole Star when the time comes.”


 “...” Yun Che, who had been given a big fright, immediately heaved a long sigh of relief. “Alright, then I’ll go with you.”


 “Are you sending yourself to your death?” Jasmine rolled her eyes at him. “The place she is in is the most frightening and vicious place in the God Realm of Absolute Beginning. If you were to step into that place with your current power, even Qianye and I would not be able to protect you.


 Yun Che: o(╥﹏╥)o


 “She’s lost in her obsession at the moment, so if she is willing to leave, that would be the best outcome. But if she insists on staying, then I won’t try to force her either.” Jasmine knew that the news she was about to bring to Caizhi could also be a form of salvation for her and it might even be able to help Caizhi walk out of the deep abyss she had made for herself. “After that, I will go and find you myself.”


 “Good!” Yun Che thought about it for a moment before he nodded his head cheerfully. After that, he spoke with a cautious expression on his face, “In a few days time, I am going to send Senior Devil Emperor off, so I should be spending these next few days in the God Realm and I will only return to the Blue Pole Star after that. If you decide to find me during this period of time, you definitely mustn’t be discovered by the other denizens of the God Realm... I’m afraid you’ll scare them to death.”


 “Hmph!” Jasmine turned her nose upwards as she said in a very cold and haughty voice, “If I don’t want to be found, none of them have the ability to discover me anyways.”


 “Err... Yes, yes, yes, my Jasmine is unrivaled under the heavens,” Yun Che said with a cheery smile. “Once we return to the Blue Pole Star, I’ll take you to see my daughter first, you’ll definitely like her.”


 “Hmph, I’m not interested.” Jasmine gave a small snort before her eyes suddenly swept over Qianye Ying’er. Her eyes grew focused and a weird expression appeared on her face as she said, “You actually... haven’t touched her all this while?”


 Given her understanding of Yun Che’s character, this was basically something that was impossible!


 No matter how much she hated and resented Qianye Ying’er, there was one point that she had to admit and that was that her face and her body were absolutely worthy of the title of “Goddess”! If not, a person like her brother would not have been driven so crazy that he would be willing to sacrifice his own life for her.


 “That’s right,” Yun Che quietly moved closer to Jasmine. His face was filled with purity and righteousness as his hand silently moved towards the slight swell of her breasts. “I have not even properly loved my Jasmine yet, so how could I... UWAAAAH!”


 As he let out a miserable wail, Yun Che flew five kilometers away from the force of Jasmine’s kick.


 After he left the God Realm of Absolute Beginning, Yun Che returned to the Snow Song Realm.


 The flying snow was exceptionally gentle and calm in the Snow Song Realm today.


 When Yun Che entered the Ice Phoenix Sacred Hall, it was as quiet as ever. With a glance, he spied Mu Feixue quietly standing inside but he did not see Mu Xuanyin.


 “Junior Sister Feixue,” Yun Che smiled as he called her name. His mind was at ease and he was in a good mood. The faint smile on his face also possessed a strange infectiousness that left Mu Feixue slightly dazed. “Is Master not here again?”


 “Master had something to do today so she isn’t around, but she should be back pretty soon.” Mu Feixue turned her jade face away in a somewhat unnatural manner as she looked outside the window, staring at the snow which danced in the air like swaying willow leaves.


 “Oh!” Yun Che replied as the smile on his face grew even deeper. “Then I’ll just wait for Master here. Oh right, Feixue, Wuxin really likes the Eternal Imagery Stone that you gave to me and she records a lot of images in it every day. Uh... do you have anything that you particularly want? At least let me show you some gratitude.”


 “There’s no need for that, it’s fine as long as she likes it,” Mu Feixue said rather coldly.


 Yun Che did not pursue the matter any further. He had already started to think about what to give Mu Feixue a month ago.


 He sat on the ground, his finger constantly touching the Glazed Sound Stone that hung around his neck. Mu Feixue glanced at him a few times before she finally took the initiative to ask, “A Glazed Sound Stone?”


 Yun Che’s head jerked up with a “woosh” as he spoke in an exceptionally excited voice, “That’s right! This was something Wuxin personally made for me, isn’t it nice!?”


 As he spoke, a thread of profound energy seemed to unintentionally leak from his fingers. Immediately, Yun Wuxin’s sweet and tender voice rang out from the Glazed Sound Stone.


 “...” Mu Feixue ignored him.


 The snubbed Yun Che could only sulkily put down the Glazed Sound Stone.


 As he waited in silence, his gaze fell on the pool of water that had never frozen in the center of the hall. As he gazed at the pristine snow-white flower that floated in that pool, he fell into a deep daze.


 This was the Ice Feather Spirit Flower he had plucked for Mu Xuanyin in Mist End Valley all those years ago. Ever since then, it would appear in this place, becoming the solitary existence within that icy pool.


 Before he even knew it, seven years had passed since then, but it had not withered away, still blooming as brightly as it had in the past.


 “Junior Sister Feixue,” Yun Che came back to his senses as he asked, “you just said that Master was away because she had some things to attend to. Do you know what it’s about?”


 Mu Feixue did not look at him, but her beautiful eyes seemed to be glancing at the Ice Feather Spirit Flower that he had been staring at dumbly. After that, she said, “Today is the death anniversary of Master’s and Palace Master Bingyun’s father. On this day every year, Master and Palace Master Bingyun will go and pay their respects to him.”


 Yun Che was stunned at that revelation. But after that, he gave a faint nod of his head and said, “I see.”


 He had been by Mu Xuanyin’s side for years but he had not known about this.


 As he thought about Mu Xuanyin’s and Mu Bingyun’s respective ages, Yun Che casually asked, “To be able to nurture people like Master and Palace Master Bingyun, Grandmaster definitely must have been an extremely outstanding person. However, it doesn’t seem like Grandmaster died of old age. Could it be that he was harmed by somebody?”


 “That’s right,” Mu Feixue replied coldly. “Back then, Grandmaster had been harmed by some devils from the Northern Region who then fled. As a result, Master and Palace Master Bingyun harbor an extreme hatred towards devils and they will kill them on sight.”


 “!!” Yun Che looked as if he had been struck by lightning as his body abruptly froze up.


 “?” His clearly abnormal reaction caused Mu Feixue to shoot him a glance.


 It was at this moment that a light but cold breeze brushed past them. Mu Xuanyin appeared in front of the doors of the Sacred Hall looking as ethereally beautiful as an ice fairy, fluttering snow falling sporadically around her.


 “I respectfully welcome Master!” Mu Feixue said as she respectfully bowed down.


 Yun Che’s reaction was slower than Mu Feixue’s by two full breaths’ worth of time. It was only then that he hurriedly bowed down, his actions rather rigid and stiff as he said, “Disciple Yun Che greets Master.”


 Mu Xuanyin’s icy eyes flicked in Yun Che’s direction. With a single glance, she could tell that there was something off about him. Her delicate brows faintly knitted together as she said, “What happened?”


 “...” Yun Che shook his head as he looked up and said, “This disciple has some important news to report to Master. Once Master hears this news, she will definitely be delighted by it.”


 “Feixue, leave first,” Mu Xuanyin said.


 “Yes,” Mu Feixue replied before she slowly left.


 “Go ahead.” Mu Xuanyin’s icy eyes stared straight into Yun Che’s own eyes. She had not forgotten his obviously peculiar behavior from just now.


 Yun Che managed to gain back a bit of composure before he systematically recounted the words that the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor had spoken to him in an exhaustively detailed manner. He also told Mu Xuanyin about what had happened in the Eternal Heaven God Realm.


 After that, he gave her a full account of what had happened with the “Evil Infant” as well.


 Mu Xuanyin quietly listened to what he had to say as intense shock appeared on her icy face time and time again. However, she did not interrupt him or question his words even once.


 Once Yun Che had finished recounting everything, the Sacred Hall immediately descended into an exceptionally long silence. Mu Xuanyin quietly stood in place and she did not move or utter a sound for a very long time.


 “Are all of these things true?” Mu Xuanyin finally opened her mouth and she asked a question that almost everyone would ask once they had heard Yun Che’s news.


 “Yes,” Yun Che said as he nodded his head gravely.


 Mu Xuanyin’s snowy robes fluttered slightly and it was clear that she was incredibly unnerved by what Yun Che had said. Just as she was about to ask him something, her icy eyes suddenly shot to the side as she looked outside the hall. After that, she said, “Go and see Glazed Light’s little princess.”


 “Ah?” Yun Che was stunned by her words.


 “Your wedding date has been tentatively scheduled for next month,” Mu Xuanyin said.


 “Ah??” Yun Che was even more shocked by this new revelation.


 At this moment, the beautiful and ethereal voice of a young girl caused the flying snow to flutter as it rang out in the distance, “Big Brother Yun Che, I’ve come to see you!”


 Yun Che whirled around in astonishment. This voice, shockingly enough, belonged to Shui Meiyin!


 After that young girl’s voice fell, Shui Qianheng’s voice also rang out in the distance, “Glazed Light’s Shui Qianheng has brought along his daughter to visit the Snow Song Realm King.”


 “You should go!”


 As her voice fell, Mu Xuayin’s figure had already vanished from that place. Yun Che’s accounting had been enough to make her realize the reason for Shui Qianheng’s sudden visit.
This creation is firmly rooted in the depths of Nøv€lß¡n★

 As Yun Che walked out of the Sacred Hall, he immediately noticed the exquisite figure of a girl flying straight for him from above. Her black skirts fluttered in the air and she looked like a black butterfly dancing slowly amidst the flying snow as she gracefully landed on the snowy ground.


 “Big Brother Yun Che!” With a small hop, she charmingly stood in front of Yun Che. Her alluring eyes daintily curved into two delicate crescent moons as she said, “Have you missed me? Heehee.”


 “I’ve very nearly run myself ragged during this period of time, so where would I find time to even begin to miss you,” Yun Che said with a straight face.


 “Oh, but I’ve missed you so much! I’ve been thinking about you every single day.” Shui Meiyin said as she looked at Yun Che with an upturned face. Her eyes, eyes which looked like a starry night sky, shining with an unconcealed infatuation as she continued, “Daddy already told me that the Devil Emperor and the devil gods will forever remain outside the Primal Chaos because of Big Brother Yun Che. Big Brother Yun Che has saved everyone in the God Realm. After Daddy found out about it, he was overwhelmed by emotion.”


 “The one who decided everything was Senior Devil Emperor, I really didn’t do much,” Yun Che said in a slow and unhurried voice. This was clearly the most perfect conclusion, but every time he recalled Jie Yuan’s decision and the words that she had said, complex emotions that were hard to put into words arose in his heart.


 “Uwaaah! You’re clearly the messiah who has saved the entire world, yet you’re still so gentle and humble. As expected of my Big Brother Yun Che, you truly are the best and most incredible person in this world!”


 In Shui Meiyin’s world, every single thing about Yun Che seemed to be the most perfect in the universe. As she stared at Yun Che, her beautiful curved eyes seemed to gleam with the light of countless shining stars. “Daddy said that I’ll be able to get married to Big Brother Yun Che next month and I’ll become Big Brother Yun Che’s little wife then.”


 “It’s concubine!” Yun Che corrected her in a somewhat shameless manner.


 Next month... then wouldn’t it clash with his ceremony with Xue’er?


 He had not even mentioned the matter of Shui Meiyin to his parents or Cang Yue and his wives.


 Forget it, we’ll talk about it when the time comes.

