

Chapter 1404 - Advent of Devils (2)

 Chapter 1404 - Advent of Devils (2)


 “I understand,” Mu Bingyun nodded. Snow Song Realm was situated at the northmost area of the Eastern Divine Region. Therefore, it was one of the closest star realms to the Northern Divine Region.


 Mu Bingyun’s eyes clearly looked a little different when the Northern Divine Region was mentioned. She said in a cool tone just before she left, “A long time ago, a devil person took father’s life, and mother declared that the devil person of the Northern Divine Region was Snow Song Realm’s eternal enemy just before she passed away... Whatever might happen in the future, we will not allow any devil to enter Snow Song Realm even in death!”


 Mu Xuanyin, “...”


 Mu Bingyun left the room after that. Mu Xuanyin remained silent on her feet for a very long time before she opened her eyes and said softly, “Feixue.”


 Mu Feixue was currently dressed in an Ice Phoenix snow dress. Her exquisite features seemed eternally frozen just like Mu Xuanyin’s as she walked up to her master from behind before kneeling respectfully.


 “Your Ice Phoenix God Investiture Canon has reached a slow period,” Mu Xuanyin said. “From tomorrow onwards, I will teach you Moon Splitting Cascade and the Broken Moon Oblivion.”


 “Yes,” Mu Feixue answered quietly.


 “Moon Splitting Cascade is the divine power left behind by the Ice Phoenix just like the Ice Phoenix God Investiture Canon. Currently, no one in the entire sect except I have successfully cultivated it. Therefore, successful cultivation of this technique will depend entirely on your power of understanding and luck. Broken Moon Oblivion is a forbidden technique created by our forefathers, and I’m sure you’ve heard of its name from your grandfather a long time ago. It is a very powerful technique, but it is something that even I can only execute with the use of my blood essence. What this means, is that you may very well use up your own lifespan if there comes a time you wish to execute this technique.”


 “Yes,” Mu Feixue replied again without any emotion in her voice.


 Yun Che’s power of understanding was extremely high, and he was able to learn both the Ice Phoenix God Investiture Canon and the Moon Splitting Cascade without any problems. However... Mu Xuanyin had never taught him how to execute Broken Moon Oblivion.


 The world fell silent once more, and Mu Xuanyin stayed completely motionless in place until an hour later. It was only then that she noticed that Mu Feixue was still kneeling behind her before ordering softly, “You may go.”


 “Yes, Master,” Mu Feixue got up and left the room slowly. Even she could see that Mu Xuanyin was distracted by something.


 Mu Xuanyin’s prediction was completely correct. The beast riot that struck the northern region of Snow Song Realm was a rare occurrence because it was later confirmed them nearly thirty percent of Eastern Divine Region’s star realms had experienced the exact same kind of beast riot within the same two hours... they were all sudden breakouts.


 There was one thing these star realms shared in common, and it was a red star on the east side of their sky.


 Moreover, the star grew increasingly brighter with every passing day, and more and more star realms were able to spot it in their skies.


 Today was just the beginning of a series of disasters that would befall the Eastern Divine Region.


 An auraless, colorless, and shapeless shadow was quiet spreading throughout the entire Eastern Divine Region... More accurately speaking, it was spreading throughout the entire Primal Chaos.


 Eastern Divine Region, Eternal Heaven God Realm.


 The Eternal Heaven God Emperor was standing at the Eternal Heaven Tower, a building that was even taller that the sky itself. His beard swayed slightly as he glanced towards the east, his eyes burdened by an unprecedented weight.


 Something was also clearly wrong with his complexion. An incredibly unnatural gray white color could be seen behind his skin.


 Two people flew over to meet him from behind.


 One of them was a tall, smiling man with white beard and hair. He was dressed in noble white robes, and he looked like a humble god who had come from another world.


 The other person was a man clad in black with a face that looked like the engravings of a sword. His eyes were dark and unkind, and he looked like emotions would remain a foreign concept to him for eternity.


 There were two famous forces under the Eternal Heaven God Emperor’s command, and they were the guardians and enforcers. The guardians were the rock and core strength of the Eternal Heaven God Realm, whereas the enforcers were the arms that protected the order of the Eternal Heaven God Realm.


 The old man in white was the leader of the guardians, Honorable Tai Yu. His status and cultivation were second only to the Eternal Heaven God Emperor in the Eternal Heaven God Realm.


 The middle-aged man in black was the leader of the enforcers and the judge of the latest Profound God Convention, Honorable Qu Hui.


 Rarely were they both summoned to the Eternal Heaven God Realm at the same time.


 “You’re here.” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor turned around, his face still etched with seriousness.


 “You must have summoned us for something of the utmost seriousness, my lord,” Honorable Tai Yu said as Honorable Qu Hui nodded his head.


 “It is some very serious business, but it doesn’t matter to just the Eternal Heaven God Realm alone. This is something that is tied to the very fate of the Eastern Divine Region.” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor exhaled slightly before continuing, “Today, a large amount of beast riots have broken out across countless star realms in the eastern region. I’m sure that you’ve both heard about this.”


 Honorable Tai Yu looked concerned, “Could it be that you’re aware of the cause behind it, my lord?”


 Eternal Heaven God Emperor nodded slowly before facing back towards the east. His face looked burdened by a weight that no normal person could understand, “The root of all this is the crimson crack on the wall of Primal Chaos.”


 Honorable Tai Yu and Honorable Qu Hui’s expression changed at the same time.


 “How... how can this be?” Not even the two great Honorables were able to understand their emperor’s words.


 “Brahma Heaven and I made many assumptions back when we first discovered the strange crack in Primal Chaos. We also announced all kinds of possibilities and final scenarios just before the Conferred God Battle began... But three years ago, just after the heaven chosen children had been delivered into the Eternal Heaven Divine Realm, I received a possibility that was tens of thousands of times worse than even our predicted ‘worst case scenario’, and this possibility is looking more and more likely to become a reality in recent years.”


 “What is it?” Honorable Tai Yu asked solemnly.


 “The crimson crack is not a natural disaster. Instead, it is an old grudge that can be traced all the way back to the ancient times.” Surprisingly, Eternal Heaven God Emperor didn’t explain his findings in detail despite the weight behind his voice, “What I can tell you is that the profound beast riots that have suddenly broken out in those star realms have all been affected by a kind of devilish energy. This devilish energy carries within it an extreme amount of hatred and resentment, and it is leaking into our world from none other... than that crack on the wall of Primal Chaos!”


 “What!?” Both Tai Yu and Qu Hui were stunned by his reply. However, Honorable Tai Yu immediately shook his head with a frown, “That is impossible! If this devilish energy truly exists, there is no way I wouldn’t have been able to sense it.”


 Honorable Tai Yu absolutely had the right to say this because he was the only other tenth level Divine Master in the Eternal Heaven God Realm besides the Eternal Heaven God Emperor himself. As a profound practitioner of the highest peak, he had some of the world’s greatest spiritual perception.


 “Sigh,” Eternal Heaven God Emperor sighed heavily, “that is because the devilish energy is of so high level that neither you nor I was able to sense it.”


 Honorable Tai Yu, “...”


 “Right now, the profound beasts are the only ones who are affected by the devilish energy. However, it won’t be long before its invisible influence will spread to humans as well, and things will only get worse from there. This is no baseless assumption, by the way. It is the words of the Forefather himself.”


 “Fore...father!?”


 His declaration caused both guardian and enforcer to turn pale with shock. They hadn’t bent their backs before the Eternal Heaven God Emperor since their arrival, but that changed immediately after they heard the word “Forefather”.


 If the assumption had truly come from the “Forefather” himself, then they wouldn’t question it even if it was ten times more outrageous.


 “It’s too fast... it’s too fast...” the Eternal Heaven God Emperor repeated twice with clear worry. Although the scarlet crack’s existence had been publicized three years ago, barely anyone had really given it the attention it deserved. As the only person who knew the truth, the burden on his body and mind was something no one could truly imagine.


 Just today, profound beast riots had broken out across thirty percent of the Eastern Divine Region... it was too fast, it was so fast that even the “Forefather” had been caught off guard.


 On the other hand, if it was really a power from that level, then how could the likes of them possibly understand or predict it accurately?


 “The reason I summoned you here today is because I have something important for both of you to carry out.”


 Eternal Heaven God Emperor didn’t need to say anything more than that. The “important” matter he spoke of was tied to the Eastern Divine Region’s very future, and Honorable Tai Yu and Honorable Qu Hui were all ears, “Tai Yu, you will set aside the matter of the Evil Infant for the moment and head to the Brahma Heaven Realm and the Moon God Realm immediately. You will also send your men to every upper star realm and tell them to spend every effort and resource to construct a great dimensional formation that leads to the eastmost area of Primal Chaos!”
The initial posting of this chapter occurred via N0v3l.B11n.

 “What...!?” Honorable Tai Yu abruptly looked up. At his level, he was of course privy to all kinds of spatial profound formations. However, the eastmost area of Primal Chaos was so far away that the great dimensional formation would have to penetrate an entire chunk of Primal Chaos’ space to make it that far!!


 It was a project of unimaginable proportions.


 “My decision is final.” Eternal Heaven God Emperor raised an arm to stop him because he knew what he was going to say already, “This project must be done, and it must be done within a year. Bring my will to all upper star realms and remind them that this is an order, not a negotiation... have it done even if you have to threaten them with the greatest force.”


 This was a matter that related to the fate of the Eastern Divine Region itself. No one was allowed to stay out of it.


 “...” Honorable Qu Hui’s shock slowly faded away from his face. Finally, he nodded with the utmost seriousness, “I understand.”


 “The Eternal Heaven God Realm will be leading by example. We will invest all the god crystals we’ve collected for the past tens of millennia into this project... That’s right, everything. Leave nothing behind!”


 Again, his order was earth-shattering to say the least, but the Eternal Heaven God Emperor had declared it without the slightest trace of hesitation or regret. “Once we are done on our side, you will head to the Western Divine Region and Southern Divine Region and request their aid. You will make the trip yourself.”


 Honorable Tai Yu cupped his hand together, “I will not fail you, my lord.”


 Honorable Tai Yu’s presence would give the divine regions face and inform them just how serious the situation really was.


 “Good,” Eternal Heaven God Emperor nodded slightly, “a year... I hope that we make it in time...”


 But even if we did make it in time, all we can do is make a desperate and incredibly unlikely gamble...


 Suddenly, the Eternal Heaven God Emperor shuddered violently as a shockingly black aura overtook his complexion suddenly.


 “My lord!”


 Shocked, Tai Yu and Qu Hui hurriedly walked up to their emperor.


 The Eternal Heaven God Emperor looked like he was in indescribable pain. He tapped his chest multiple times with his finger before it suddenly made a contracting motion, causing him to spit out a mouthful of black blood. It was only then that the black aura on his face finally faded a little.


 “Are you alright, my lord?” Honorable Tai Yu asked worriedly.


 Eternal Heaven God Emperor breathed heavily before replying, “The Evil Infant’s power corrodes the bones and erodes the heart. It is much scarier than what I had imagined at the beginning. I had thought that I’d be able to flush it from my system completely in just three to five years, but... it looks like I won’t be done even if ten years have passed...”


 “This is why I’ve summoned you here, Qu Hui.”


 Honorable Qu Hui, “Please give me your order, my lord.”


 The Eternal Heaven God Emperor said, “Although the Evil Infant’s power is truly terrifying, I will be able to cleanse it all away eventually with enough time. But the situation we face is dire, and I have no choice but to stand at the forefront and bear all the responsibility, which also means I must be stronger than I currently am. In short, I must use up the Dragon Queen’s favor.”


 The Dragon Queen’s favor... was also the most precious favor in the entire world.


 Her light profound energy was the only thing that could cure the terrifying devilish energy ravaging his body in a short time.


 “I understand,” Honorable Qu Hui replied. “I will set out right away and meet with the Dragon Monarch.”


 “Go,” Eternal Heaven God Emperor said. They couldn’t afford to waste even a breath’s time.


 Honorable Qu Hui and Honorable Tai Yu left after they had received their orders from the god emperor. Their hearts were far heavier than when they had first arrived.


 The Eternal Heaven God Emperor hadn’t left the tower, however. A series of violent coughs was racking his body and causing pain to appear on his face from time to time. However, the torment brought by the Evil Infant’s power was nothing compared to the weight in his heart.


 He had to prepare everything no matter how infinitesimally insignificant and powerless it might seem, but at the same time he couldn’t reveal the truth until everything was ready. It was because this terrifying truth was sure to cause great fear and panic across all three divine regions, and the terror would only turn countless people into madmen... the consequences would simply be unimaginable.


 “The Forefather would not make a mistake... Will this truly be... the end of all worlds...” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor looked upward. He was the god emperor of the Eastern Divine Region, but his voice was powerless, sorrowful, and filled with thick, gray despair.

