

Chapter 224 - Xia Qingyue VS Xiao Kuanglei

  

 “The one who took the initiative to back out was not Ling Jie but actually Ling Feiyu...” Yun Che was also astonished. In his previous matches, the strength that Ling Feiyu revealed was incomparably shocking. The practitioners in Group One were far from the level of those in Group Two, and Ling Feiyu was the publicly acknowledged strongest practitioner in Group One. Regardless of whether it was the Round of 32 or the Round of 16, he always had easily defeated his opponent in five exchanges. In this match against Ling Jie, everyone believed that Ling Jie would lose, or take the initiative to surrender. No one expected that the one who took the initiative to surrender would actually be Ling Feiyu!


 “Does this mean, that Junior Brother Yun’s opponent for tomorrow is Ling Jie?” This result actually caused Cang Yue to subconsciously let out a small breath of relief. After all, no matter how you think about it, the sixth level of the Spirit Profound Realm sounds less menacing than the ninth level of the Spirit Profound Realm.


 “Could it be that since Ling Jie is the Villa Master’s son, Ling Feiyu doesn’t dare to defeat him on stage, so he surrendered first?” Xia Yuanba scratched his head as he asked in confusion.


 “No! If Heavenly Sword Villa was such a pompous place, it would never be able to become Blue Wind Empire’s number one power.” Yun Che slightly lowered his brows and took new look at the Ling Jie who happily laughed down the Sword Discourse Arena: “There is only one possibility, and it is that Ling Jie’s strength surpasses Ling Feiyu’s. Not only that, it probably far surpasses his... Looks like tomorrow would be a hard battle.”


 He shifted his gaze towards Heavenly Sword Villa’s seating area, discovering tranquility in both Ling Yuefeng and Ling Yun’s expressions, as if what this outcome revealed was not the slightest bit unexpected.


 The speed and results of the second match was completely unexpected as it came to a close. The third match came shortly after, with Heavenly Sword Villa’s Ling Yun and Frozen Cloud Asgard’s Shui Wushuang on opposite ends.


 This was a showdown between Heavenly Sword Villa’s core disciple and Frozen Cloud Asgard’s core disciple. This kind of duel usually appeared as the final battle in the past, but this year’s group divisions had brought about an imbalance in average strength, making what ought to be the final battle of the tournament shift to an earlier date, the Quarterfinals.


 And the speed of how this confrontation ended, was even faster than the second match.


 “Wushuang, you can surrender this match if you want.” Chu Yueli suddenly said as Shui Wushuang was about to leap up onto the Sword Discourse Arena.


 Shui Wushuang went silent for a moment, but did not dispute it. Instead, she softly said: “Yes.”


 “Three years ago, your Senior Sister Mu’s strength had far surpassed the current you, yet suffered a crushing defeat to Ling Yun. Three years had passed since then and Ling Yun’s strength has enormously leapt again. You are simply not his match. As long as you’re even a little serious about it, you will be injured all over and lose in less than five moves. Since it’s like that, it’s better off to simply back out.”


 While letting what others saw as their “core disciple” abandon the match, Chu Yueli had actually said that with a particular calmness. Her peerlessly beautiful eyes did not reveal the slightest hint of unwillingness and regret. Perhaps, this was merely a simple insignificant decision.


 “Yes, Junior Master, Disciple understands.” Shui Wushuang slowly nodded, and then returned to her seat.


 Ling Wugou then declared: “Frozen Cloud Asgard’s Shui Wushuang forfeits the match, Heavenly Sword Villa’s Ling Yun wins with a no match, and will be entering tomorrow’s Semifinals!”


 Even though this result lead to much discussion among the crowd, it still wasn’t that unexpected. After all, Ling Yun’s strength was truly too terrifying. Even if Shui Wushuang was Frozen Cloud Asgard’s current core disciple, she simply did not have the power to win that matchup. Immediate forfeit was the most sensible of selections. But on one hand, Frozen Cloud Asgard still had one disciple remaining, which was Xia Qingyue, who had the lowest profound strength out of the three participating disciples. Her opponent also just happened to be Xiao Sect’s core disciple whose profound strength surpassed hers —— Xiao Kuanglei. If she lost, Frozen Cloud Asgard would have no chance to enter the Semifinals, and could only settle for fourth place.


 Up until now, the only match that had officially been carried out was only Yun Che’s match against Fen Juebi, yet three out of the four appearing in tomorrow’s Semifinals had already been decided. It was Heavenly Sword Villa’s Ling brothers, Ling Yun and Ling Jie, as well as Blue Wind Imperial Family’s Yun Che.


 Two of Heavenly Sword Villa’s members entering the top four was not outside of anyone’s expectations. But the fact that the top four had an additional disciple that did not belong to any of the Four Major Sects, who was only from the Blue Wind Imperial Family that had always placed in the middle to lower rankings, had made the entire ranking tournament become exceptionally unusual. The Blue Wind Imperial Family that had always received shame and never received glory in the ranking tournament had actually relied on a nobody, a mere seventeen year old disciple, to continuously make everyone get taken aback. His performance had allowed him to make his way into the individual top four placings. In this ranking tournament, Blue Wind Imperial Family’s power rankings was now also a guaranteed minimum of top three!!


 As long as one was not blind, they could clearly see that after Yun Che had defeated Fen Juebi, the previously calm Qin Wushang laughed so hard that he had grimaced in pain. Even his incisors looked as if they were about to fall out.


 “Fourth match of the Quarterfinals —— Frozen Cloud Asgard’s Xia Qingyue versus Xiao Sect’s Xiao Kuanglei! May the two contestants enter the Sword Discourse Arena within thirty breaths of time. If otherwise, it would be deemed as renouncing the match!”


 Following Ling Wugou’s loud declaration, the numerous sounds of discussion in the Sword Discourse Arena stopped as it became a field of silence.


 Xia Qingyue and Xiao Kuanglei were respectively Frozen Cloud Asgard and Xiao Sect’s remaining disciples. Whoever loses, would have no chance of entering the top four.


 “Even though the talent of Frozen Cloud Asgard’s Xia Qingyue is shockingly enough to enter the eighth level of the Spirit Profound Realm at the age of seventeen, and is only one level short of the Ling Yun in the past, Frozen Cloud Asgard is still Frozen Cloud Asgard. It is impossible for them to nurture a true ‘Ling Yun’. She is too young. She is not old or experienced enough. For her profound strength to reach the eighth level of the Spirit Profound Realm so quickly, it is bound to be extremely unstable. As long as nothing completely unexpected happens, you will win this match very easily. But, you still must never underestimate your opponent. In all the previous ranking tournaments, it is not known how many so-called geniuses had fallen to the three words ‘underestimating the opponent’. Understand?” Xiao Juetian reminded Xiao Kuanglei.


 “Third brother, good luck. Burning Heaven Clan has already suffered a crushing defeat. As long as you win this match, our overall ranking will be a guaranteed minimum of top three. Moreover, there is more than a ninety nine percent chance that we would rank second. This will be our Xiao Sect’s historical breakthrough!” Xiao Kuangyu said as he patted Xiao Kuanglei’s shoulder with a serious expression on his face.


 “Don’t worry. In this match, I will only win, and never lose! Don’t forget, I still have not taken out my Earth Shocking Sword. If I reveal the Earth Shocking Sword, forget about the Xia Qingyue at only the eighth level of the Spirit Profound Realm, even if it’s someone at the peak of the tenth level of the Spirit Profound Realm, it is still impossible for me to lose.” Xiao Kuanglei said with complete confidence.


 “In the case of weaponry, we may not necessarily be at an advantage.” Xiao Wuji’s brows sank: “We have the Earth Shocking Sword, but don’t forget, Frozen Cloud Asgard has the ‘Ice Phoenix Snowflower Ribbon’. Shui Wushuang had already surrendered so in this match, Frozen Cloud Asgard has an even larger reason than us to not lose. This time, Frozen Cloud Asgard will inevitably give Xia Qingyue the Sky Profound Weapon.”


 “Hmph. You are completely overthinking it. One must be in at least the Earth Profound Realm to master the ‘Ice Phoenix Snowflower Ribbon’. Even if it is in Xia Qingyue’s hands, it would at most display only thirty percent of its power. Besides, so what if it could actually exhibit all of its power? With the same Sky Profound Weapon in hand, Kuanglei’s experience and profound strength would far surpass Xia Qingyue’s. Don’t tell me that even that is not enough to defeat her?” Xiao Boyun said in a happy mood.
The initial posting of this chapter occurred via noovelllbbin

 Regarding his own grandson, Xiao Zhen’s, loss against Xiao Kuanglei, Xiao Boyun was naturally irritated about that. But what was currently happening was related to the entire Xiao Sect’s reputation and honor. He obviously did not want to see Xiao Kuanglei lose.


 “Everyone, be at ease. If I lose this match, I would not have the face to return to Xiao Sect.” Xiao Kuanglei nodded once, and then suddenly jumped more than one hundred meters in the air before gently landing on the ground. He leapt over a hundred meters again and then steadily landed in the center of the Sword Discourse Arena. Before he landed, a longsword had already been taken out in the midst of the sound of its unsheathing. No matter the sword’s imposing aura or the user’s imposing aura, both were incomparably shocking and drew gasps of admiration.


 “I’ve heard that Xiao Kuanglei’s innate talent is not the least inferior to his eldest brother Xiao Kuangfeng and second brother Xiao Kuangyu. I’m afraid that this match would not be the least bit suspenseful.”


 “So what if his innate talent’s high. Isn’t he born from a concubine? In the future, he would at most become an elder.”


 “That may not be so. Only Xiao Juetian’s youngest son, Xiao Kuangyun is born from his official wife, but everyone is aware of Xiao Kuangyun’s playboy tendencies. He is around the same age as Xiao Kuanglei and I heard Xiao Juetian had used up innumerable resources on his body, but it seems as if he could not even reach the Spirit Profound Realm. If Xiao Kuangyun inherits Xiao Sect in the future, I’d reckon that it would be thoroughly destroyed. Xiao Sect would never make such a mistake. The future successor for the sect will inevitably be one person among Xiao Kuangfeng, Xiao Kuangyu, and Xiao Kuanglei. I’m afraid that when that time comes, there will once again be another rivalry with both open and secret means. If isn’t handled properly, they might even commit fratricide...”


 As Xiao Kuanglei got up on stage, the discussions’ focal point was actually not on the battle itself, but instead Xiao Kuanglei himself. This was because a great majority believed that the following match would not be suspenseful at all.


 “Hold back your strength as much as possible. Don’t reveal too much, so as to avoid making tomorrow’s opponent to be on guard.” Chu Yueli only had a few words of advice.


 “Yes, Master.”


 Xia Qingyue respectfully saluted and turned her delicate body around. As her beautiful figure’s gracefully moved, she lightly landed in front of Xiao Kuanglei. Both her light movements and body were incomparably alluring. A completely transparent ice sword silently appeared within her hands. An ice sword, had basically become a Frozen Cloud Asgard disciple’s signature weapon. Frozen Cloud Asgard’s main weapon of choice was also the sword, but their swords were made of ice, and all emitted different degrees of cold air. Chu Yuechan’s sword was like so, and Xia Qingyue’s sword was also the same. However, the grade of Xia Qingyue’s ice sword could not compare the sword Chu Yuechan had used during her life and death battle against the pair of flood dragons in the Wasteland of Death.


 “Good!” Ling Wuhou nodded, and then raised his right hand: “Last match of the Quarterfinals, Frozen Cloud Asgard’s Xia Qingyue versus Xiao Sect’s Xiao Kuanglei. Match start!”


 “This humble one is Xiao Kuanglei, and is here to ask to experience Xia Fairy’s Frozen Cloud Arts!” Xiao Kuanglei split into a smile as his longsword pointed frontwards. He rapidly spun his body around, conjuring up a jade green cyclone. The image of an especially tyrannical eagle was behind his body as the imposing aura on his entire body grew stronger at this moment, shooting to a level that would make one gasp in admiration.


 Frozen Cloud Asgard was a gathering of beautiful women. Even though Xia Qingyue’s face was covered by a white veil, just seeing her figure, eyes, and exposed snowy skin was enough to determine that she was a young lady who possessed a peerless beauty that could bring cities into ruin. And in front of any beautiful women, a man with even an above average strength would have the mindset of showing off. If he were to gain the other party’s good opinion or even admiration, then that would naturally satisfy his vanity by a large margin.


 Xia Qingyue’s movements were much more nimbler than his. She straightforwardly thrusted her sword at him as a magnificent ice lotus blossomed atop the ice sword’s sharp tip.

