

Chapter 1477 - Brahma Monarch’s Desperate Situation (1)

 Would something strange happen when the Sky Poison Pearl came into contact with the Evil Infant devilish energy?


 No one knew.


 Because of the existence of “Myriad Tribulations”, Xia Qingyue guessed that perhaps there would be some strange occurrences, but it was still just a guess. Even if there were none, the chances of her plan succeeding would still be high. But if there were any, her chances would be even better.


 And the answer was... yes!


 The Sky Poison Pearl and the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations belonged to the devil race during the Ancient Era. Both of them were precious treasures that possessed extremely harmful energies. And if these two frighteningly harmful energies came into contact with each other, they would provoke each other and amplify each other’s effects.


 There was only a small remainder of the Evil Infant devilish energy inside of Qianye Fantian, and the poison that entered his body was but a small dosage of the Sky Poison that had just barely recovered over the last few years. But the moment both the Sky Poison and the Evil Infant devilish energy erupted, it would be like countless flaming shooting stars falling into a dormant volcano.


 If it were the eruption of either the devilish energy or the Sky Poison, given Qianye Fantian’s abilities, he could probably still withstand it with some difficulty. But when both of them exploded at the same time... it was the first time that the number one god emperor in the Eastern Divine Region had clearly felt what it was like to fall into an abyss of such incomparable pain and terror.


 A golden figure flashed into the hall as Qianye Ying’er appeared like a ghost. Her brows pinched together slightly when she saw Qianye Fantian’s condition and asked in a low tone, “What’s going on?”


 “Poison... The Lord God Emperor said that it’s poison!” the Ninth Brahma King said in an urgent tone.


 “Poison? That’s impossible!” Qianye Ying’er said, “There is no poison in this world that is able to push my Royal Father into this state!”


 After she had finished her sentence, she took a step forward... But immediately, she retreated as if she had been electrocuted, her expression showing great shock.


 A poisonous aura... she could sense a violent poisonous aura from Qianye Fantian’s body. This poisonous aura was incomparably frightening, to the extent that she did not dare to believe it. It was much more frightening than the number one devilish poison “Absolute God Slaying Poison” which she had personally sensed and came into contact with before.


 “Sky Poison Pearl... it’s the Sky Poison Pearl!”


 Qianye Fantian, who lay curled up on the ground, raised his head, a ghastly blackish-green color staining his face. Within this short span of a few breaths, his whole body was drenched in cold sweat.


 His god emperor powers were circulating in his body without reserve, even the space around him had started to chaotically distort because of him. But, in front of the Evil Infant devilish energy and the Sky Poison’s power, his strength as the number one god emperor in the Eastern Region was like water flowing over a boulder. He could try to resist or suppress it... but he would never be able to eliminate even the slightest bit of it.


 And if he slightly relaxed his energy circulation, the two demons in his body would completely explode.


 Even then, Qianye Fantian’s mind and the look in his eyes were still terrifyingly sober. He shouted with a hoarse and trembling voice, “When his profound energy entered my body, he took that opportunity... to poison me... this was the... Xia Qingyue and Yun Che’s true motive... ARGHHHH!”


 In this universe, there were very few things that could cause an existence like Qianye Fantian to scream in such pain and agony. Currently, he looked exactly like a demon that was being cruelly tortured in purgatory. At every instant, his expression and body were contorting in a frightening manner and drops of sweat poured down his body like torrential rain.


 When profound energy enters the body, it could destroy one’s internal organs. Thus, one would only allow a person who they either trust or who poses no threat to do so. To Qianye Fantian, Yun Che clearly belonged to the latter category because given his cultivation level, even if he gathered all his profound strength and bombed his internal organs, he would not be able to deal any real damage at all.


 Moreover, even if he really tried to pull any tricks, Qianye Fantian would be able to tell in the first moment.


 However, he did not sense Yun Che poisoning his body at all... not even the least bit!


 This was also the one thing that was the most shocking and puzzling to him even as he suffered under that extreme pain.


 “The Sky...Poison...Pearl!?” The Ninth Brahma King’s expression changed continuously. The matter of Yun Che possessing the Sky Poison Pearl had started to quietly spread ever since the day the Devil Emperor returned. As one of the Heavenly Profound Treasures, everyone knew of its terrifying potency and ability to purify. But... putting aside the matter of its terrifying potency first, he was still unable to understand how Yun Che was able to secretly poison the Brahma Heaven God Emperor.


 Qianye Ying’er gaze grew tightly focused as she said in a low voice, “What a clever feint... Xia Qingyue, looks like I’ve really underestimated you!”


 When Xia Qingyue first arrived, she managed to shift all their attention on to the “Primordial Seal of Life and Death” without even saying a single word.


 Meanwhile, cleansing the devilish energy was nothing but a pretense. They were not wary about this matter at all, and none of their attention had ever been directed towards it.


 At this moment, both Qianye Fantian and her were roused from their stupor... Their true motive had actually been to deceive them all along!


 Clearly, this was Xia Qingyue’s and Yun Che’s revenge! And both father and daughter... had actually been played by them!


 Qianye Ying’er stretched out her pale hand, a faint golden ray flashed and instantly the poisonous aura in the air was swiftly suppressed. This made her secretly heave a sigh of relief before taking a step forward and saying, “Looks like the poison of the Sky Poison Pearl can be suppressed after all. Royal Father, how is your condition?”


 “No...” Qianye Fantian painfully shook his head, “Although it can be forcefully suppressed, it cannot be dispelled...”


 PFFFFTT!!


 Qianye Fantian’s body violently shook suddenly and he spat out a large mouthful of black blood... At the same time, an extremely acrid and rotten stench spread rapidly, filling the hall.


 Normal darkness profound energy would not cause the two great god emperors, the Brahma Heaven God Emperor and Eternal Heaven God Emperor, to be in such helpless pain, and any normal poison would be neutralized easily by the strength of a god emperor. But be it the Evil Infant devilish energy or the Sky Poison, both of them had originated from the evil strength of a Heavenly Profound Treasure. Even ten Qianye Fantians would not be able to truly dispel it.


 After violently spitting out a mouthful of black blood, Qianye Fantian’s complexion did not get any better. Rather, an even denser layer of black energy seemed to cloud his face. Even his pupils... had a clear hint of gloomy dark-green.


 Qianye Ying’er was chilled to the bone and swiftly shouted, “Number Nine, quickly send a sound transmission to summon all the Brahma Kings in the realm!”


 After several breaths, seven auras flew towards the Brahma Heaven Temple with extreme speed.


 Without time for any further explanation, all eight of the Brahma Kings who were in the realm quickly sat in a circle surrounding Qianye Fantian. The incomparably tyrannical strength of the Brahma Kings simultaneously circulated, linked, and concentrated. Together they suppressed the erupting Sky Poison and raging devilish energy in Qianye Fantian’s body.


 Every single Brahma King had the power to shake the earth. Combining the strength of eight Brahma Kings was like having eight golden dragons enter into Qianye Fantian’s body. In addition of Qianye Fantian’s own strength, this powerful suppressive force was definitely not something that a normal person would be able to imagine.
Ñøv€lRapture marked the initial hosting of this chapter on Ñôv€lß¡n.

 This strength was able to eradicate all the evil and poisonous energies in this universe in a short amount of time... and no one would doubt it.


 The devilish energy inside Qianye Fantian had been frequently suppressed with the help of the Brahma Gods and Brahma Kings over these past few years.


 But...


 With the strength of a god emperor and eight Brahma Kings, the devilish energy and poisonous aura were swiftly suppressed as expected. It became weaker little by little and gradually, when the poisonous aura and devilish energy had been completely constricted, they thought that it would go temporarily dormant. However, the poisonous aura and devilish energy suddenly counterattacked like two devil gods that had been thoroughly enraged...


 The poisonous aura of the sky poison followed the eight beams of profound energy that came from the Brahma Kings and flowed through them like electricity as it mercilessly entered into the bodies of the eight great Brahma Kings.


 Eight dark green demonic rays of light exploded from the bodies of the eight great Brahma Kings. They opened their eyes simultaneously, as their bodies twisted and trembled in pain due to the virulent poison that had suddenly erupted all over their bodies.


 ......


 Moon God Realm, the god emperor’s bedchambers.


 After returning to the Moon God Realm, Yun Che became a lot quieter. It was as if he had consumed too much energy when cleansing the devilish energy. He had closed his eyes as he continued to recuperate and he did not even speak for a long time.


 “Master, your mind seems to be uneasy, what are you worried about?” He Ling gently asked.


 Yun Che replied, “It’s not that. It’s just that I’ve encountered a difficult problem.”


 In the past, it was his habit to ask Jasmine for help if he encountered anything difficult. But now the one accompanying him was He Ling and they were different. At least until now, he did not have that deep subconscious reliance on He Ling as he did on Jasmine.


 “A difficult problem? Is it that you are not able to think of a method to deal with the return of the devil gods?” He Ling asked again.


 “It’s not about that.” Yun Che opened his eyes, the place was quiet and he was alone. Xia Qingyue’s figure was nowhere to be found. “Recently, I’ve been having strange dreams and the things that happened in my dreams were extremely absurd. I would normally forget about such absurd dreams immediately, but I remember these dreams exceptionally clearly, and this includes every single scene and every sentence said.”


 “Remembering scenes from your dreams is a very normal thing,” He Ling said softly. “Why is Master concerned about this?”


 “I did not pay much attention to it at first.” Yun Che gave a small sigh. “But on the way back to the Moon God Realm, for some odd reason, a strange scene from that dream appeared in my head.”


 “Such situations have been appearing continuously and it is getting really hard to convince myself that everything is a hallucination or an illusion... And these things are the complete opposite of what I remember and know. They surely cannot be real. But I keep getting bizarrely moved by these dreams in an indescribable manner...” Yun Che shook his head.


 These were things that could not possibly be real and they had only appeared in his dreams or when he was daydreaming, yet they had been indelibly etched into his heart in an incomparably clear manner. This was truly an extremely strange feeling and it was something that Yun Che had never experienced before.


 After hearing what Yun Che said, He Ling ended up confused and she could not relate to his feelings. But she could sense the unease in Yun Che’s heart. She thought for a while and said, “Master, you don’t seem to have encountered such a problem before. When did this begin?”


 “...” Yun Che rubbed his chin and slowly replied, “He Ling, you’ve asked a good question.”


 “Eh?”


 Yun Che did not say anything else and suddenly turned silent.


 That’s right... when did it all start? What was the turning point?


 Xia Qingyue stood on the roof for a few hours outside her bedchambers. As her body was bathed in the moonlight, apathy was reflected in those beautiful eyes and no one knew her thoughts.


 At this moment, the glow of the moon flashed in front of her and the figure of a young girl appeared.


 The aura of the young girl was slightly disturbed and she panted a little. Xia Qingyue glanced sideways and asked gently, “It seems that our efforts have borne fruit.”


 “Yes.” Lian Yue replied respectfully, “There is news from the Brahma Monarch God Realm. The Brahma Heaven God Emperor has been afflicted with a deadly poison, causing the Evil Infant devilish energy and the deadly poison to erupt simultaneously. After that, eight Brahma Kings gathered together to suppress the devilish energy and deadly poison but the deadly poison entered their bodies instead.”


 “Oh?” Xia Qingyue’s eyes glimmered, “What an unexpected but pleasant surprise.”


 Upon hearing the words of Lian Yue, Xia Qingyue’s heart was definitely not as calm as what her appearance would have you believe. The eight Brahma Kings gathering to suppress the poison in Qianye Fantian was something that she expected. But, she had never thought that all eight of the Brahma Kings would also be poisoned!


 The power of the sky poison... could follow one’s profound energy and directly enter the body without any direct contact!?


 No wonder none of the gods and devils back then could escape from “Myriad Tribulations”!


 “The Brahma Monarch God Realm has already sealed their realm up and it would be difficult for our people to enter their core districts. But it’s clear enough that the Brahma Heaven God Emperor and the other eight great Brahma Kings are in very bad shape.”


 “I understand, you may leave now. Oh right...” Xia Qingyue’s eyes turned serene as her voice suddenly turned cold, “If anyone from the Brahma Monarch God Realm arrives, forcefully expel them even if they are a Brahma King... the only exception will be Qianye Ying’er!”


 “Yes!”


 Lian Yue left silently and Xia Qingyue’s chest violently heaved for a short while before she finally gave a very soft sigh.


 When the poison flared up in Qianye Fantian’s body, the Evil Infant devilish energy had erupted at the same time. Following that, all eight Brahma Kings were also poisoned simultaneously.


 As such, when facing the power of the Sky Poison Pearl, that could not be dispelled no matter what, and the “strange changes” she had warned Qianye Fantian about, what the Brahma Monarch God Realm had to confront was the fear of losing their god emperor along with eight Brahma Kings.


 After just losing Three Brahma Gods and being antagonized by the Southern Sea God Emperor, who was trying to kick them while they were down, would the Brahma Monarch God Realm truly be able to last for more than forty hours under such unprecedented fear?

