

Chapter 1852 - The Devil Master’s True Form (2)

 



 As Yun Che fully released his draconic energy, Long Bai’s last bit of confidence started to collapse.


 His field of draconic energy had been thrown into disarray and even his roars had grown exceptionally wild and frenzied.


 The five Venerable Withered Dragons, who had “cut themselves off from the world” a long time ago, thought that nothing would ever be able to surprise them any longer. However, every single one of their faces had gone pale from extreme shock.


 Yun Che’s aura had transcended... No! It had already far transcended the Dragon God aura of their founding ancestor!


 “Hmph, what a pathetic ploy.” Long Bai’s voice boomed down from the skies above. “You dare to use an illusionary aura that you created with the Heretic God’s power to show off in front of me!?”


 How could Long Bai believe what he was sensing? No Dragon Sovereign, Master Dragon, or Divine Master from the Western Divine Region could believe what they were sensing.


 That was right! This was definitely a fake Dragon God aura that Yun Che had used some special means to duplicate... Because there was no way that there could be a single person in the world with a Dragon God aura that far surpassed the Dragon Monarch, the ruler of the dragon god race!


 “What a laughable illusion. This along with your lowly soul that is dyed sin... Let it all burn!”


 As his boundless might spread out and his voice boomed out in a deep draconic growl, Long Bai’s gigantic claw exploded downward. The claw, which spanned hundreds of meters, ripped through space like a thin sheet of paper as it created an abyss-like shadow over the area that Yun Che was standing in.


 However...


 In that instant, a strange light flashed through the eyes of the distant Chi Wuyao, Yan One, Yan Three, Qianye Bingzhu, and the surviving high-level combatants of the Northern Divine Region at the exact same time.


 They had all previously fought with Long Bai’s true body, so all of them had properly experienced the Dragon Monarch’s full draconic might up close and personal.


 However, the claw he was bringing down in immense fury radiated far less power than it had before!


 In fact, it was a whole twenty to thirty percent weaker!


 Previously, Long Bai’s draconic energy had only retreated during the instant it collided with Yun Che’s power, and only the Venerable Withered Dragons, who were extremely familiar with the aura of their race, had been able to tell.


 At this moment, the draconic might that Long Bai was radiating had become far weaker... and everyone could clearly sense it, whether it was the Divine Masters of the west or the profound practitioners of the north.


 “Hah!”


 As Long Bai’s dragon claw, which was seething with draconic might, was sweeping down on him, Yun Che barked out a cold and cruel laugh. He did not even deign to look up at it before his right arm, which was wrapped in extreme darkness, exploded up to meet it.


 The moment the darkness came into contact with the dragon claw, Long Bai, and the five mighty Venerable Withered Dragons, could clearly sense the already suppressed draconic might withdraw even further!


 When Long Bai’s attack erupted, it actually only contained... sixty percent of its original draconic might!


 At the pinnacle of the Divine Master Realm, having forty percent of one’s strength suppressed was unimaginably huge. It was something that shouldn’t even exist!


 This terrifying suppression was undoubtedly influencing the result of the battle! It was so huge that it wasn’t something that could possibly be made up for or overthrown!


 Rumble!!


 The Dragon Monarch’s claw fiercely clashed against the dark profound light released by the Devil Master. Huge cracks appeared beneath Yun Che’s feet, but Long Bai’s attack hadn’t shifted him a single inch backward. Instead, that huge white dragon claw was blasted into the distance and the earth-shattering sound of finger bones fracturing exploded in everyone’s ears.


 When it came to the density and thickness of profound energy, Long Bai was no doubt unparalleled under heaven.


 If he had been able to operate at one hundred percent, he would have eventually suppressed Yun Che after a long and drawn-out battle.


 At ninety percent of his power, he would still be able to fight Yun Che to a draw.


 At seventy percent of his power, he started to lose ground to a Yun Che who was only using pure profound energy and physical strength.
Unearth this data, retracing it to the very heart of Nøv€lß¡n★

 At sixty percent of his power...


 A single blow had fractured the Dragon Monarch’s fingers... If they had not just witnessed it themselves, the dragons of the west would not have been able to believe that such a thing could have happened, not even in their wildest dreams.


 Long Bai’s roars shook the heavens and no one could tell if they were from pain or anger. Meanwhile, Yun Che’s image had become illusory as his real body appeared above Long Bai’s head in the next instant. The darkness wrapped around his body focused around his right fist, coalescing into a vortex of darkness as he struck Long Bai square between the eyes.


 Bang!


 Dark profound light instantly broke apart the white light protecting Long Bai’s body, but it was instantly obstructed by his draconic energy... However, this obstruction only lasted for an inestimably short instant before it too collapsed.


 Dark profound light wrapped around Yun Che’s entire right arm as his fist crashed right between Long Bai’s eyes.


 Darkness flared as a fountain of blood immediately geysered out from where Yun Che had struck him, causing black blood to wildly spray into the sky.


 It had taken a huge amount of effort and sacrifice for the Divine Masters of the Northern Region to finally break Long Bai’s defense... However, it seemed as fragile as glass underneath Yun Che’s fist.


 In fact, even Chi Wuyao and the surviving devils of the north could scarcely believe what they were seeing, so the reactions of the dragons of the west were no surprise.


 Long Bai let out a howl of rage as a huge wave of energy forced Yun Che back. The pain of having his flesh gnawed away by the darkness added to Long Bai’s extreme rage as his aura suddenly turned incredibly wild and frenzied. It seemed as if all of the dragon blood and draconic energy his body had ignited and turned into violently frothing magma.


 ROAAAAAAAAAR!!!!


 A dragon cry that contained boundless rage practically shook the entire Southern Divine Region, causing the souls of countless living beings to tremble in fear.


 Two pale white dragon claws swept toward Yun Che from each side as they radiated the wild and frenzied power of an enraged Dragon God.


 Rumble!


 Yun Che spread his arms wide and the power of the Devil Master immediately clashed with the power of the Dragon Monarch in midair. The two powers struggled to overcome each other as they became locked in a contest of strength.


 Yun Che’s figure looked far too small and puny when compared to Long Bai’s gigantic claws.


 However, this puny figure was able to completely ward off the enraged power of the Dragon Monarch.


 Deep growls kept rumbling from Long Bai’s throat as the draconic energy around his claws grew so dense that it almost seemed real. Little by little, those claws started closing in on Yun Che in a bid to smash him between them.


 The space around Yun Che looked as if it was being squeezed by a vice as it furiously contracted again and again. As the space around him became violently distorted, it almost seemed as if his body was starting to bend and twist under this horrific pressure.


 Yun Che’s arms trembled slightly as his face turned grim. It looked as if enduring Long Bai’s attack was becoming rather difficult.


 This dreadful deadlock continued for a dozen breaths and the space around Yun Che had already been shattered several times. It was at this moment that Yun Che suddenly raised his head to look at Long Bai, a cold and bizarre smile flashing across his face.


 The grim look on his face disappeared and he was even able to speak in a calm and languid voice as he prevented Long Bai’s claws from crushing him. “It looks like this really is your current limit.”


 Long Bai, “...!?”


 “I don’t know if I underestimated myself or overestimated your power, but to be honest, I’m very disappointed.”


 As he calmly said those words, Yun Che’s arms suddenly shook.


 Rumble!!


 A huge explosion reverberated in the air as Long Bai’s claws were blasted a few hundred meters away. The seemingly-furious deadlock had instantly been broken.


 “This game is far less interesting than I had imagined,” Yun Che said as he glanced at Long Bai. He was actually walking through the air despite the oppression of Long Bai’s draconic might. Yun Che’s steps were slow and measured and it looked as if he was taking a stroll through his own garden as he said, “Since this has become so boring, then I’ll just wrap it up rather than letting it go on awhile.”


 The moment he finished his sentence, the look in Yun Che’s eyes dramatically changed as his body started spinning. A huge amount of darkness erupted out of his body, enough to cover the sky and blot out the sun.


 Boom!! Crack!!


 The heavens and earth shook as all light dimmed. Long Bai’s claws, which looked like they had been suppressing Yun Che for a dozen breaths, had been pushed even further away. His right claw, the one with the broken bones, had become so damaged that it looked like it was starting to get bent out of shape.


 A huge wave of darkness energy swept past Long Bai’s claws to smash into his huge body, causing it to spin uncontrollably in midair. Meanwhile, Yun Che had morphed into a beam of black light, a beam which contained the ultimate darkness profound strength, a power that came from one of the primordial Devil Emperors, as he shot straight for Long Bai.


 Pchhht!


 The light energy and draconic energy protecting Long Bai’s body was weaker than a thin sheet of cloth in front of Yun Che. He blasted straight into Long Bai’s stomach, opening up a huge black hole in it. A shower of pitch-black blood poured down from that hole.


 Boom!


 As Yun Che’s figure zipped around Long Bai’s body, another beam of black light exploded against his neck, causing blood and bone to rain down on the ground beneath him.


 Crack!!


 A beam of black light seemed to pierce through space itself as it exploded against Long Bai’s left claw, which had been wildly writhing in rage and pain. The bones in his claw instantly fractured, sending blood and flesh flying through the air.


 Yun Che’s draconic aura had suppressed far more than Long Bai’s power, it had even suppressed his spiritual senses and his speed.


 This fearsome bloodline suppression had also rendered Long Bai’s Dragon Monarch aura completely ineffective against Yun Che, even though he was right next to him.


 Yun Che kept leaving behind afterimages as he used Moon Splitting Cascade and Star God’s Broken Shadow, his legs glowing with the light of Extreme Mirage Lightning... As Yun Che seemed to flit in and out of the shadows at an extreme speed, Long Bai’s spiritual senses and body, which stood at the pinnacle of the universe, were completely unable to lock onto or follow Yun Che’s figure and energy. Meanwhile, one black hole after the other was mercilessly being punched into his body.


 Boom! Boom! Boom! Boooooom——


 Long Bai wildly writhed in the air as he let out frenzied roars. In the short span of a hundred breaths, the continuous explosions of black light had opened up several hundred holes in his body. An abundance of black blood sprayed through the air and rained down on the earth, and it was truly a ghastly sight to behold.


 “Ah... ah... my lord...” the Dragon Gods gasped in shock. However, the White Rainbow Dragon God had already set a terrifying precedent, so how could they dare to attack?


 The other Divine Masters of the Western Divine Region were stunned beyond belief. They stared at the battle in front of them with bulging eyes, their jaws having hit the proverbial floor a long time ago. However, the profound practitioners from the Northern Divine Region were faring no better. They had all turned into wooden statues as they stared at the battle in stunned disbelief.


 Long Bai... The exalted and unparalleled Dragon Monarch of the Primal Chaos was actually helpless as Yun Che rained blows down on him.


 The strongest and most sturdy dragon body in the universe was currently as brittle as rotten wood in front of Yun Che’s attacks!


 Was this truly the Dragon Monarch?


 Was this truly Yun Che?


 Yun Che’s figure suddenly shattered into fragments as his body appeared underneath Long Bai’s belly. He spoke in a cold and grim voice, “Long Bai, everything that you have obtained over the years was given to you by Shen Xi. These things are things that you have long disqualified yourself from possessing... Furthermore, it’s time for you to pay it back a thousand times over!”


 “So open your damned eyes wide and take a good long look at... who is truly qualified to be the only monarch under heaven!”


 A black shadow that stretched out thousands of meters smashed into Long Bai, sending his huge dragon body soaring fifty kilometers into the air.


 Yun Che gestured again with his hand and the dark light around him immediately transformed into crimson lightning. As he spread his hand out wide, the crimson light slowly spread into the skies. Soon, blood-colored lightning started howling down from the heavens like a million enraged dragons.


 Heavenly Law Tribulation Lightning!


 CRACK!!!!


 As the sound of thunder shook the world, the countless beings who lived in the vast star regions around the Ten Directions Deep Sea Realm felt as if their very souls were being split in half.


 Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom...


 Thousands of bolts of tribulation lightning wildly exploded into Long Bai’s body, the violent arcs of electricity dyeing his body in the shocking color of blood.


 The innumerable thunderclaps swallowed up his cries of misery as his gigantic dragonic body was smashed to the ground.


 The crimson light in Yun Che’s eyes faded as a cyan light started to flash. After that, a peerlessly dreadful storm started violently swirling around Long Bai, who had just been thrown to the ground. As Yun Che’s arm fell, it caused Long Bai to smash into the ground once again.


 Boom——


 Hundreds of geysers of blood fountained into the air at the same time, instantly causing huge swathes of land to be dyed in dragon blood.


 Yun Che raised his arm again. When it fell, the storm that erupted from it swirled violently around Long Bai’s tattered body and lifted it up before sending it hurtling to the ground once more.


 Booom——


 Boooooom————


 BOOOOOOM——————


 ........


 The Deep Sea Divine Region shook again and again... The heavens and earth seemed to be collapsing as Long Bai was violently slammed against the ground again and again.


 The Dragon Monarch of this era currently resembled a blood-soaked leather ball. A ball that had been trampled on in the most violent, cruel, and humiliating fashion.


 He could not escape or struggle, and even his screams of pain and roars of anger were completely and mercilessly drowned out by the sound of the storm and the sound of his body slamming into the ground.


 BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!


 A huge long crack opened up in the ground and it almost seemed as if the entire Ten Directions Deep Sea Realm was about to split in two. Long Bai’s bloodied body was sent hurtling high into the air... The storm finally dissipated and just when Long Bai believed that Yun Che had run out of energy and his nightmare had ended, Yun Che’s eyes suddenly blazed with a golden light as the image of a Golden Crow appeared behind him.


 A phoenix cry shook the air along with everyone’s soul as the skies instantly turned a blazing golden color, the color of intense flames.


 Yun Che’s body soared into the sky and when he was positioned right above Long Bai, whose body had been flipped over, his own body started blazing with golden flames. After that, he spread his arms out wide and a golden sea of purgatory flames exploded out of his body and completely engulfed Long Bai’s gigantic dragon body.


 ROOOOAAAARRR!!!


 Long Bai’s roar contained so much pain that it sounded as if a demon was howling in despair.


 Yun Che continued soaring into the sky, the raging golden flames mercilessly erupting from his body amidst countless Phoenix cries.


 Burning Sun Rupture!


 Golden Annihilation!


 Red Purgatory Lotus!


 Yellow Spring Ashes!


 Blazing Sunray!


 Fire mixed with fire as new hells merged into old ones around Long Bai’s body. His scales, skin, blood, and flesh... all of it was being mercilessly burned away, until only the bone remained. And even his bones had started to serve as fuel for the golden flames.


 As the golden flames burning on Long Bai’s body grew fiercer and fiercer, the golden light that filled the air was also growing hotter and hotter. In the distant skies above, nine golden suns had finally coalesced into existence.


 The ultimate flames of the Golden Crow —— Nine Suns Heaven’s Fury!


 The nine suns plummeted from the heavens and exploded against Long Bai’s body, releasing the most beautiful and powerful Golden Crow flames in the world.

