

Chapter 815 - Evil Infants Wheel of Myriad Tribulations

  

 The red light in Jasmine’s palm disappeared due to her shock but despite the absolute darkness within the Moon Slaughter Devil Nest, the silhouette of a pitch black roulette wheel still appeared clearly in Jasmine’s eyes.


 Its body was pitch black but perhaps, its existence had already transcended “darkness”. Even in absolute darkness, she still saw it extremely clearly. It was like an open eye of a devil inside an endless abyss.


 Jasmine never thought that she would ever see the most terrifying experience within her inherited memories before her. Along with the memory she possessed, nearly all her fear was being concentrated on that image and its name.


 Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations!


 From the start of the Primordial Era, bred using the most extreme negative energy from the Primal Chaos and possessing the most yin and evilest energy, it was a terrifying existence that even the gods and devils feared.


 Though listed within the “Heavenly Profound Treasures”, it was in fact not a treasure but the most frightening existence from the Primordial Dimension. Despite being ranked second within the Heavenly Profound Treasure ranking, it, along with the Heavenly Punishing Ancestral Sword were made simultaneously from two extreme energies. In terms of destructive power, it definitely did not pale in comparison with the Heavenly Punishing Ancestral Sword. However, due to the fact that the energy attribute of the Heavenly Punishing Ancestral Sword was sacred and that of the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations was evil, it could only be ranked behind the Heavenly Punishing Ancestral Sword.


 The last time it appeared, the outburst of energy as well as the release of the most vicious poison of the primordial world—Myriad Tribulations eradicated all the gods and devils, causing the era of gods and devils to come to an end by extinction.


 Its might and terror was not something any current living being could imagine or comprehend.


 After the end of the era of gods and devils, it had disappeared along with the Heavenly Punishing Ancestral Sword and never appeared ever again. However, in the past million years, humans had never given up the search for the Heavenly Punishing Ancestral Sword as they hoped to possess its invincible “Heavenly Punishing” power. However, no one had ever tried to search for the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations because it would only bring about the world’s most frightening catastrophe.


 At this time, this frightening object that had vanished for a million years now appeared clearly in front of Jasmine... No one would have ever thought that in the vast primal chaos, it would actually be hidden in a place like this.


 Even if a true god had seen it, he would still feel great fear from it, needless to say Jasmine who had only inherited some of a true god’s power... and from the inherited memories of the true god, all the information that she had regarding the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations was the characteristics of its external appearance and aura. What remained was purely ice cold fear.


 Seeing it was as though she had seen the lowest level of hell.


 Jasmine had never been stunned for so long before but after a long time, her willpower finally managed to suppress the insanely great fear—because even though it was the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations, its aura was really far too weak.


 It was so weak that its aura couldn’t even compare to her current incomplete strength.


 Otherwise, she would not have remained in the Moon Slaughter Devil Nest this long.


 Suppressing her fear, calmness and coldness gradually returned to Jasmine’s eyes as she started to step forward once again. One step... Two steps... gradually approaching the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations.


 With her approach, the pressure that came from the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations had hastily reduced instead.


 “Hmph,” The corners of Jasmine’s lips lifted as she uttered in a cold voice that sounded as though she was mocking, “The heaven defying object that existed since the beginning of primordial times, the one that ended the era of gods and devils, ended up in such a pathetic state that now even a human being like me can easily overcome your deterrence!”


 From the initial great shock to her latter calmness, together with everything that has happened within Moon Slaughter Devil Nest, Jasmine instantly understood why the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign could exist beyond the the extinction of gods and devils and survived until now. All the mysteries surrounding the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign were instantly cleared up as well.


 No matter how strong the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations was, it was still an object and not a living being. If it wanted to release its full potential, it needed a living being as a medium. For a normal artifact, even if it possessed extremely strong spiritual consciousness and strength, it was still being controlled by a living being. However, for the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations, its level and strength were far too superior. It could instead control the living being... or even devil!


 The Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign was precisely the being the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations had chosen—or perhaps it was more accurate to call him a host!


 Millions of years back, all the devils that went into a frenzy due to being forced into a desperate peril had unsealed the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations, allowing it to return to the world once again. After being sealed for so long, the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations had accumulated endless amounts of negative energy. Once it had escaped its restrictions, its energy burst out wildly and it took the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign as its host. It then released the Myriad Tribulations that had the power to destroy heaven and earth as well as exterminate all gods and devils. Furthermore, the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword, the only thing that could counter it, remained missing, so this led to the extermination of the gods and devils.


 As for the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign, since it was the host controlled by the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations, he naturally survived as well.


 This was also why the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign said that he had to kill his own son in order to save him. He sealed his son’s devil soul into the Eternal Night Devil Sword—because the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign and his sword were bound together. That was the only way to save his son’s devil soul while he was under the destructive powers of the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations!


 After eradicating all the gods and devils, the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations’ powers fell drastically... perhaps even to the extent of being completely exhausted. However, other than the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign, one other god did not face extinction—and that was the Evil God who did not fall immediately despite being poisoned with “Myriad Tribulations”.


 Although the strength of the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations weakened drastically, the Evil God still could not destroy it. In this world, there was nothing that could destroy it. As the host of the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations, the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign similarly could not be destroyed by the Evil God either. Therefore, all the Evil God could do was to use all of its remaining strength and seal the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations along with the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign and hope that a prolonged seal could eradicate the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign’s existence.


 This was also the reason why the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign had only been sealed by the Evil God for millions of years and not killed by him back then. It wasn’t that the Evil God didn’t want to, it was because he couldn’t!


 Within the vast Primal Chaos, the location of the sealing had actually been the Profound Sky Continent located on this mediocre looking Blue Pole Star!


 The seal left behind by the Evil God was no simple seal. It also possessed strong devouring powers. In the millions of years of being sealed, the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations was constantly being devoured by the Evil God’s powers. Its already heavily consumed powers were being weakened further and it even lost control of the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign, which meant that he was no longer its host and they became independent existences.


 This was also why the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign had suddenly said that “the Evil God’s seal destroyed this king’s devil body and devil soul but also allowed this king to regain freedom...”


 Since it was no longer the host of the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations, the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign naturally lost its protection and suffered from the same devouring powers of the Evil God, causing his vitality and soul origin to be greatly damaged. The contract with the Moon Slaughter Devil Sword was also terminated as well, allowing the sword which possessed his son’s devil soul to become an independent existence as well.


 Eventually, ten thousand years ago, the power of the Evil God’s seal had finally extinguished, allowing the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations, the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign, and the Moon Slaughter Devil Sword to break loose. However, due to suffering from the devouring powers of the Evil God for a million years, the soul force of the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign had become exceptionally weak. Originally, it would not have taken long for him to be completely destroyed but he was luckily found by the founding ancestor of Supreme Ocean Palace, then sealed within the Moon Slaughter Devil Nest. Therefore, within Supreme Ocean Palace’s seal, it relied on the dark aura emitted by the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations as well as the Netherworld Udumbara Flower that came into existence to survive... until he was killed by Yun Che.


 The Moon Slaughter Devil Sword fell into Profound Sky Continent and built the Eternal Night Royals. Even the weak seal that remained had been destroyed during the Devil Sword Conference today. However, even if the remaining devil soul had not dispersed, it had already weakened to a pathetic extent.


 As for the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations, after its seal had been destroyed, it continued to remain there, slowly releasing an extremely high level but weak darkness aura.


 In the past, it had eradicated all the gods and devils. Today, it was in such a weak and pathetic state that it could only remain in the dark plains, never to see the light of day once again.


 Before, the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign was the biggest shock and mystery in Jasmine’s heart. But now, when she saw the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations, even without anything else, all the mysteries had already been solved.


 This was the only reason and only explaination!


 However, the reason for all of this was far more frightening than all of what Jasmine had imagined... Because it had involved the most terrifying object in the entire Primal Chaos Realm.


 Jasmine stopped and stood in front of the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations, her eyes refracting the dark glow that made the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations seem like a pitch black abyss. She slowly said, “After the end of the Era of Gods, numerous people speculated about the location of the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations and even more people tried to figure out what the Evil God did before he had fallen. I never imagined that I would actually become the first person in the world to find out the answer.”


 Jasmine slowly lifted both her hands and a deep red ball of light silently gathered between her palms, “The Golden Crow Divine Spirit mentioned that this was the first planet the Evil God created and the place he fell in the end. I even wondered before, why this planet that the Evil God personally created and looked high upon has so few resources and has such a low profound aura level. So the root of the problem is actually here!”


 “It was so that even if you managed to escape the seal one day, in a world with such scarce energy concentration and being such a low level world, you would never get the chance to recover your energy quickly. The Evil God sure was meticulous.”


 “If the Evil God cannot destroy you, I naturally cannot as well. But... with my current strength, sealing you it an easy feat!”


 Jasmine’s expression was overcast as the red ball of light between her palms darkened to a dark red color, “If I use up all of my energy, I can seal you for three to four thousand years!”


 “Sniff...”


 The dark glow on the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations shook. In Jasmine’s mind, a shrill yet soft voice which seemed to possess a feeling of being wronged, sadness, and pleading rang out, sounding similar to a baby’s cries of helplessness.


 “Please... Save me...”


 A meek voice that caused one’s heart to shatter in sadness pleaded softly... Three short words, yet they sounded quite shaky along with that overly tender voice. It sounded like an infant that had just learned how to speak.


 Jasmine’s eyebrows knitted together. Her body froze slightly as she immediately uttered with a cold face, “I would have never expected that the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations, that caused even gods and devils to cower, would actually beg for help from a pathetic human like me!”


 “Please... save me... Bring me... away from here...”


 The infant’s voice brought more begging and even a slight hint of weeping.


 “Save you?” Jasmine laughed coldly, “Not unless I’m crazy. You are the most terrifying, most evil, most vile existence in this world! In the past, even the gods and devils were driven to extinction by you. If I were to take you away and allow you the chance to regain your strength, the world would definitely be once again consigned to eternal damnation! Not just me, even if the most evil person in the world found you today, knowing that you’re the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations, he would undoubtedly use his full effort to seal you and would never allow you the chance to see sunlight again!”


 “No...” The baby’s voice now brought about more sadness and weeping, “I’m not that evil... I’m not a... bad child... I only want... to leave this... It’s so dark, so cold, and it’s always so quiet...”


 The voice of the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations caused the image of a tender infant to naturally appear in a person’s mind. Its helplessness and sad begging was enough to even touch a stone-hearted person and make him feel compassion. However, Jasmine was not one bit moved, “You don’t have to try and trick me any more. At the start of the Primordial Era, the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations was borne from the most extreme negative energy and you represent the most sinful of power. Millions of years back, when you escaped from your shackles, you exterminated all the gods and devils, destroying an entire era! But now you’re telling me that you’re not a ‘bad child’? Hmph, laughable.”


 “...That’s only the attribute of my power. The energy can be positive or negative but it does not differentiate between the divine and evil. I only killed them then... because... they... locked me up for so many years... What I feared the most... was darkness and loneliness... So I hated them... Killed them... so no one would bring me into that dark and lonely world again...”


 Jasmine’s expression was slightly moved... but her consciousness kept on warning her that the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations’s voice would undoubtedly possess hidden evil and wicked bewitchment. However, the voice this time still touched a deep part of her heart.


 Because the anger, fear and sense of being wronged within the voice were extremely real. She could not detect anything fake about it. Furthermore, only the truest of feelings could actually touch a person’s heart. When it spoke of killing all the gods and devils, the feeling it gave Jasmine was like a child who had been bullied and was now seeking angry and wilful revenge against those who hurt it and made it feel loathing and fear...


 Just as the thoughts had appeared for some time, Jasmine was suddenly shocked, and instantly removed such thoughts from her mind as she laughed coldly, “You are named the ‘Evil Infant’, but do you really think that I would be so idiotic to think that your soul is only that of a baby? You’re the most evil object in this world, you don’t have to waste your effort anymore! I will immediately reseal you. From today onward, I will come back every few thousand of years to strengthen the seal. Even if I were about to die, I would find someone before my death to succeed me and continue the mission of sealing you and not allowing a sinful existence like you to see the sun ever again!!”


 “Sniff...”


 The infant’s voice turned into a cry and the cries were exceptionally heart wrenching as it wept. “Why... won’t you believe me... then... I...”


 A creepy black mist rose in front of Jasmine and within the black mist, the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations turned into a creepy black light and entered between Jasmine’s brows.


 Jasmine lifted her left hand. On the back of her hand, a small and shallow imprint of a black wheel appeared gradually.


 Staring at the imprint of the black wheel of the back of her hand, Jasmine laughed in disdain, “Do you still think you’re the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations that eradicated the gods and devils back then? With your current strength, do you foolishly hope that you could make me your host? You doing this has only made it easier for me to seal you!”


 As she laughed coldly, Jasmine began gathering her energy to try and force the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations out.


 ‘I... I didn’t...” The infant’s voice appeared perturbed as it hastily replied, “As long... as long as you are willing to bring me away... away from darkness and loneliness... I am willing to... submit to you...”


 “Submit... to me?” Jasmine was shocked before she coldly replied, “What a joke! You’re the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations. Along with the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword, you both are at the highest levels of existence in the Primal Chaos Realm! Even a god cannot control you, so how would you be willing to submit to a mere human!”


 “As long as... you can bring me to the outside world... so I don’t have to face darkness and loneliness... In the future... you’ll be my master... If, you fear my power... then... when you become my master... you will no longer... have to worry that... my power would harm you...”


 “Hmph, you’re the only willing party, since when have I agreed to you!?” Jasmine straightened her petite arms and the red ball of light from before gradually gathered in front of her, “You should just obediently stay in your eternal darkness...”


 Jasmine’s palm flipped downwards as she was about to force the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations out before forcefully sealing it. However, just as her palm had flipped slightly, she suddenly stopped and her expression changed slightly.


 After a prolonged silence, she gradually withdrew her hand and even dispersed the red light she had gathered for some time and which also possessed frightening strength. She lifted her left arm and coldly said, “If you were to make me your master, you’ll be controlled by me in the future. I can bring you away from here but would never call you out ever again. Even so, are you willing?”


 Jasmine’s words made the infant’s voice excited and agitated, “As long... as long as I no longer have to be trapped within darkness and loneliness... I will... listen to you...”


 No one would believe that such a voice had come from the world’s most evil and terrifying Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations. They would only think of it as a baby’s pathetic and pitiful begging.


 Jasmine’s expression and action froze. After debating with herself for a very long time, did she finally, gradually and seriously nod, “Alright... if that’s the case, then let’s set the cruelest master and slave contract. Me as master, you as slave, unless I cancel the agreement myself, you can only be controlled by me for all eternity, unable to betray me! That’s the only choice! You can choose to accept this or choose to be resealed by me!”


 As her ice cold voice finished speaking, a red light flashed between Jasmine’s brows and contractual powers shone onto the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations. Furthermore, it was the Star God Realm’s cruelest master slave contract.


 What shocked Jasmine the most was that the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations did not show any hints of hesitation or rejection but instead, had unexpectedly accepted the contract quite happily... as though it was a caged bird that had suddenly regain freedom.


 Black light instantly flashed past Jasmine’s eyes. The black wheel symbol on the back of her left hand turned exceptionally deep and flashed several times before it gradually disappeared.


 “From now onward, you’re no longer the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations that eradicated the gods and devils. You now belong to me and are my artifact!”


 Jasmine’s words were said with seriousness and sternness but her eyes appeared dreamy.


 She would never have thought that a cruel contract that even the lowliest of humans could not accept would allow her gain a “slave” like the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations without obstacle—this was an existence that even caused the gods to fear it.


 Seeing the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations and becoming its master... this seemed like the most absurd dream.


 What was even weirder was that from the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations, other than the Star God’s fearful memories and images she saw when she first encountered it, she could not feel any cunning, fear or evil. Instead, she felt felt patheticness, helplessness and sadness...


 Was all this just a false image, or... was the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations really just a childish baby?


 Childish to the point where it killed all the gods and devils in anger; childish to the point where it would want to escape from darkness and loneliness at all costs, even if it meant falling from a status that was beyond devils and gods to be the servant of a pathetic human.


 “Yes, master.” The infant’s voice replied with respect. There was no hint of shame or unwillingness, only joy at being able to leave the darkness and loneliness.


 Jasmine suddenly changed her mind because she thought that if the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations was willing to regain freedom at all costs, it would act in the same way towards others as well. Then, if it were to land into another person’s possession, the outcome would be unimaginable. And for this Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations, when it regained its powers, it would result in a huge catastrophe that was unimaginable and uncontrollable.
N0v3lTr0ve served as the original host for this chapter's release on N0v3l--B1n.

 If it were willing to be enslaved, then, if she enslaved and controlled it, she would not have to worry that it might fall into the hands of a fool or someone with ulterior motives. She could still ensure that it never reappeared again.


 Jasmine inhaled deeply, regaining her composure, “Remember what you just said. From today onward, you can look at the outside world with me and never have to face loneliness. However, I will also never summon you out! You need to know that if it were to be found out that I am the owner of the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations, I would instantly become the number one enemy of the Primal Chaos Realm!”


 “Mn, I will always listen to master’s words.” The voice was tender and a bit shrill, like that of an obedient child.


 “Alright, now tell me, what thing or method would allow your powers to reawaken?” Jasmine coldly asked. The reason she asked that was definitely not to try and recover the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations’ strength but instead to avoid any possibility of doing so!


 “I only belong to master right now, so only master can influence my strength. Master’s anger, resentment, killing intent, bloodthirst, hatred, jealousy and guilt... These negative emotions will aid my growth. Especially so if master’s negative emotions were suddenly strengthened to a certain point, then there would be the possibility my powers reawakening.”


 The Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations answered without hiding anything.


 Jasmine heaved a hidden sigh as her lips revealed a slight smile, “Then it’s a pity, your powers will never reawaken ever again.”


 “Now, I shall bring you away from here like you wanted. From today onwards, if you’re even a tiny bit disobedient, I will immediately reseal you into darkness and loneliness!” Jasmine said in a stern voice. However, at the same time, she also knew that with the cruel master and slave contract, the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations could never be disobedient even if it wanted to.


 This Chapter’s Teaser

