

Chapter 505 - Treatment

  

 “Good...” Yun Che slowly nodded. “Senior Yun, if you’re willing to believe and cooperate with me, I have a way to restore your body, and your profound strength, to their perfect state back then, in two months!”


 “Ah... Ah!?” Yun Che’s words, had undoubtedly thundered in Yun Qinghong’s and Yun Xiao’s ears. Yun Xiao especially, had instantly cried out involuntarily. With quick steps, he charged over, and uncontrollably grabbed hold of Yun Che, as he said with incomparable excitement. “Brother Yun... Y-Y-You... Is what you said true? No matter if it’s father’s body or profound strength... do you really have a way... to... to... to restore them all!?”


 Yun Xiao was a little incoherent with his words due to excitement, however, this demonstrated that he seemed to believe Yun Che’s words At the very least, he was filled with immense hope... As Yun Qinghong had been paralyzed for more than twenty years, if anyone else were to hear Yun Che’s words, they would simply feel that he was just making up stories. However, Yun Xiao had a strange form of indescribable trust towards Yun Che. Even if his words were as inconceivable as such, Yun Xiao would still involuntarily wish to trust him.


 Yun Qinghong was dumbfounded. However, he naturally would not be as agitated as Yun Xiao. From Yun Che’s expression and his eyes, even with his lifetime worth of experience, he was unable to see a hint of false intent and pretense, but only resolution after a firm decision had been made. Facing such an expression, eyes, and tone, Yun Qinghong felt that his own suspicion had actually been shaken. Looking a little out of sorts, he stared at Yun Che, and said. “Little brother Yun, you really... have a way?”


 Yun Che did not reply. Instead, he focused, reached out his hand, and once again pressed it on Yun Qinghong’s chest. Yun Qinghong’s body had been crippled for more than twenty years, and he had long completely resigned to his fate, as even he himself had long lost any belief that there was a method which could restore his body in this world... Restoring his profound strength, was even more of a dream that he did not dare to even think of. Hence, no matter how much he was guaranteed with mere words, it was impossible for him to really believe them. The only thing that could allow him to believe what Yun Che had said, was to have his own body experience the truth.


 Yun Che closed his eyes. The Great Way of the Buddha began to circulate, and then, taking the absorbed nature energy, with profound energy as a medium, he slowly and carefully inserted it into Yun Qinghong’s body. Then, he carefully guided it to every corner of his body... The condition of Yun Qinghong’s body was incomparably severe. If it was allowed to recuperate with mere medical skills and medicine, even if his body could recover, it would still take at least several years. And, many of the spiritual herbs needed for this process were extremely rare and precious; there were even some, that could not be bought with mere money.


 Yun Che naturally would not choose the method of treating with medical skills and medicine. To have Yun Qinghong, who was crippled for more than twenty years, recover in a short span of two months, his only choice was to use the nature energy brought by the Great Way of the Buddha!


 His own body had suffered countless heavy injuries. There were even several times where his entire body was nearly destroyed and his organs were severely ruptured. However, as long as he still harbored a single breath, and a hint of will, he would be able to use the Great Way of the Buddha to speedily recover. With his current fourth level of the Great Way of the Buddha and his Dragon God’s physique, no matter how heavy his injuries were, he would be able to completely recover in less than forty-eight hours, with not a single scar left behind. At the same time, under the power of heaven and earth, the recovery speed of his profound energy was dozen times faster than an average person.


 The nature energy brought upon by the Great Way of the Buddha could heal oneself, so naturally, it could heal others as well. Based on speed, it was much slower than healing himself, however, a month should be enough! After his body and profound veins were restored, there would still be a month worth of time which could be used to restore profound strength!


 However, though using nature energy to undergo treatment for others sounded especially simple, reality was definitely not the case. Yun Che’s body held affinity with nature energy, however, Yun Qinghong did not possess the Great Way of the Buddha. If the nature energy that entered his body went out of Yun Che’s control, it would turn into a completely destructive force. At the same time, the medical knowledge which Yun Che possessed played a very important role in this process. He was familiar with the positions of every meridian, every acupuncture point, and even every muscle in the human body. Hence, the directions which the nature energy flowed under his control, was vividly circulating in his mind. If it was someone else, even if he possessed the same fourth level of the Great Way of the Buddha like Yun Che, it would be basically impossible for him to treat Yun Qinghong.


 In the beginning, Yun Qinghong felt a warm flow of energy surge from his chest that was in contact with Yun Che’s palm. Then, the warm flow of energy spread throughout his entire body. Its aura was extremely calm, and was different from all the profound energy he had known about in his life, causing him to secretly feel astonished. Following after the constant surging of the calm aura, the warm flow of energy in his body became even denser, and the flowing began to slow down. At this moment, he felt the meridians of his limbs, which had been frozen for more than twenty years, suddenly warm up. And at the same time, his sternocostal, which had long become dormant, to the point where the dozens of veins that existed within it had almost been forgotten, experienced a piercing pain, as though it had been stabbed by a needle.


 At that one moment, Yun Qinghong’s entire body stiffened, as his face revealed an expression of utter disbelief. Right after, his eyes stirred intensely, and his hands, had even began to tremble with incomparable intensity.


 Ever since Yun Xiao was consciously aware of his surroundings, the father he had known of had always been as calm as water and non-competitive. He had never seen his father being enraged, and had rarely seen him laugh out loud either, as though everything in the world was unable to stir the waves in his heart. He had lived for nearly twenty-two years, yet, this was still the first time seeing his father losing control of his emotions like this all of a sudden. He worriedly said. “Father, what... what happened to you?”


 “My senses...” Yun Qinghong’s eyes stirred, and his entire body was still uncontrollably trembling in excitement. “A part of my veins... have regained their senses!”


 “Ah!”


 Yun Qinghong’s words, to Yun Xiao, were like a heavenly message that came from the boundaries of the sky. Seeing Yun Qinghong’s body trembling in excitement, he was so joyous that it seemed as though he was about to collapse in tears right there and then. “Is that... Is that true...? Father... you really... really...”


 “Do not speak for now!” Yun Qinghong forcefully suppressed his excitement. In front of him, Yun Che’s eyes had been closed the entire time. His brows were knitted tightly, and his forehead was drenched in sweat. His current state, showed that he was concentrating with all his might.


 Yun Xiao hurriedly reached out his hand to cover his own mouth. He looked at Yun Che, then looked at Yun Qinghong, and no longer let out the slightest sound. However, the stirring in his eyes had clearly showed the tumbling in his inner heart.


 However, the excitement in his heart, was naturally unable to compare to Yun Qinghong’s by a long margin.


 The warm flow of energy continued to swim in his body. After passing through his sternocostal, those dormant veins were sending out senses one after another, as though they were awakened by a long, deep slumber. As for these veins which were completely wilted, and wouldn’t be exaggerated if they were deemed dead, he had initially thought that it would be impossible to restore them again forever. Those genius doctors whose names could shake the Illusory Demon Realm, had all told him that his meridians could never be restored. However, currently, he was clearly, and incomparably truly, sensing the existence of these veins once again.


 Among these wilted veins, even if only one of them could be restored, it would be sufficient for him to believe that it was an incredible miracle. However, what he was sensing, was one vein after another being restored consecutively. The increasing painful sensations, that were either light or heavy, did not cause him to reject them in the slightest. Instead, they excited him, as though he was in a dream where he was stepping into the heavens...


 Initially, he was merely someone whose body had been completely crippled more than twenty years ago, who had long lost all hope and was even calmly waiting for his death. In order to not worry his wife and son, what he expressed had always been an adaptable, breeze-like calm, as though he was seeing light of everything. However, no one could understand that was merely a form of displaying an unfathomable degree of helplessness, pain and despair. And no one could understand the degree of excitement and ecstasy he was currently feeling at this moment.


 Yun Che maintained the same unmoving posture, and only sweat was flowing in streams from his head. Very quickly, his clothes were completely drenched as well. Yun Qinghong looked at this male youth in front of him who bestowed him this heavenly surprise and boundless hope. An overwhelming surge of feelings fluctuated in his inner heart.


 This youth... Who is he...


 Naturally, senses being restored to his veins did not represent a complete recovery. To completely restore them, even with the profound Great Way of the Buddha, it would still require a considerably long time. What Yun Che was currently doing, was to once again infuse these veins, which were initially completely wilted, back into the source of life. This was the first step he had to take in order to treat Yun Qinghong.


 Having senses being restored to a few of his veins was enough to excite Yun Qinghong to think that it was all a dream. When he realized that this awakening was quickly spreading, and seemed to be awakening all of his wilted profound veins, even with his frame of mind, he felt a very heavy, heavy sense of surrealness. And this miracle, in two hours, had truly emerged within his body... Two hours later, following after the disappearance of that warm flow of energy in his body, all of his wilted veins had been completely awakened. Although it was still impossible to infuse energy into these veins which were just awakened, nor were they able to support his stamina, this was already a miracle among miracles. And, it had even lit up an incomparably bright and glaring hope within him.


 Yun Che heaved a long sigh, and finally opened his eyes. He retracted his arm, and took a step back. Right after, he swiped away the beads of sweat from his forehead, on his fatigue-looking face, he revealed a light smile. “Senior Yun, now... are you able to believe this junior’s words?”


 “Little brother... You...” Looking at Yun Che, he felt that foreign sensation all around his body. This was the first time in Yun Qinghong’s life that he was unable to say anything out of excitement.


 “Brother Yun, you’re really... really too incredible!” Yun Xiao’s pair of eyes glowed. His fists were clenched, and he was so excited, even his limbs were not listening to his instructions somewhat. “Brother Yun, earlier, you said that... you’re able to have my father completely recover in two months... i-i-is... is that true?”


 Yun Che nodded. “Of course it’s true.”


 “How... How confident are you?” Yun Qinghong hurriedly spoke out right after. Currently, his face had long lost the calm and lightness he had earlier.
The initial posting of this chapter occurred via noovelllbbin

 Yun Che said with a slight smile. “A hundred percent confident, of course! Senior Yun, don’t worry. Since this junior dares to say it, I will definitely make it possible!”


 “...” Earlier, Yun Qinghong would definitely not believe these words from Yun Che. However, right now, after personally experiencing the awakening of all the veins in his body... and knowing that it even merely took an incredibly short time of two hours, his belief, had now far suppressed his suspicion.


 Yun Che picked up a piece of paper from the table, speedily wrote down two rows of words, and passed it to Yun Xiao. “Your Yun family should have its own medicine storage. According to the amount listed here, go pick out these fourteen medicinal ingredients, and bring back at least a hundred and nine silver needles which are at least three inches long.”


 “Ah... alright!” Currently, Yun Xiao was treating Yun Che’s words as a royal decree. He speedily glanced through it, and realized that all of the ingredients listed were very common medicinal ingredients. Thus, he could not help but ask. “Just by using these ingredients, it’s possible to heal my father’s body?”


 “These are not used for Senior Yun, but for you!” Yun Che said while shifting his eyes over. “Your injuries are not light, and earlier, you were overly impulsive. Now that your blood flow is in a mess, if it’s not kept under control, I’m afraid it can’t be healed even after two months. Only the silver needles are used for Senior Yun... The cold poison in Senior Yun’s body had already invaded his entire body, and even his vitals have been completely invaded. The regular methods of expelling the poison would all have very huge risks, hence, the only choice is to use silver needles to slowly expel the poison from the various parts of his body. Hurry and go.”


 When Yun Che said the words “cold poison”, and looked as though he actually had the confidence and method to expel the cold poison, the glow in Yun Qinghong’s eyes once again stirred intensely.


 “Alright, I’m going now!”


 Yun Xiao jogged out. Just as he reached the door, he once again stopped his steps in an instant, and turned around. “Oh, right! Mother... Where did mother go? Since Brother Yun is able to cure father, then he’s definitely able to cure mother as well!”


 Yun Qinghong said: “Your uncle came over in the afternoon, so your mother followed him back to the Mu family. She should be back very soon. Hoho...”


 Yun Qinghong’s final light laughter at the end, was a laughter filled with ease and comfort. Although his wife’s state was similarly severe, it should be a little lighter than his. Since the youth in front of him dared to say that he was hundred percent confident in healing him completely, then he would naturally be able to treat his wife...


 Just as Yun Qinghong’s words fell, the voice of a rough man suddenly sounded from outside the courtyard. “Brother-in-law, we’re back... Mn? A guest?”

