

Chapter 1467 - Borrowing Yun Che

 Chapter 1467 - Borrowing Yun Che 

 After Yun Che’s announcement, It wasn’t hard to imagine that everyone here would be living in fear and anxiety from here on.


 However, they couldn’t do anything despite wielding enough power to awe the world. They could only place their bets and hopes on Yun Che.


 Messiah... There had never been a real “messiah” in this world until now.


 Although the Eternal Heaven God Emperor’s words were incredibly stunning, he was right that no praise was beneath Yun Che if he really did manage to save the world from this calamity... not even if he was made supreme ruler of the God Realm.


 When Yun Che had said everything that needed to be said, the realm kings bid Yun Che and the Ice Phoenix Divine Sect goodbye and left.


 It was rare for them to gather like this, and had it been any other predicament they would’ve wholeheartedly seized the moment to discuss plans and countermeasures. But against nearly a hundred beings whose power transcended the limits of their plane... anything they came up with would only be a joke.


 “God Child Yun, we’ll be relying on you,” said the Eternal Heaven God Emperor again prior to leaving.


 Yun Che nodded strongly and said, “Don’t worry, senior. This junior will do his best. Also, please call this junior’s name directly.”


 “Hehe, alright.” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor smiled at him, returned the nod, and bid him goodbye.


 The pressure sitting on the god emperor’s back didn’t fade even after he had disappeared from Yun Che’s sight.


 Right after the Eternal Heaven God Emperor left, Qianye Fantian walked in front of Yun Che and said in a serious tone, “God Child Yun, you are now the world’s only hope. Please, ask us for anything if you have need of the Brahma Monarch God Realm.”


 “I will.” Yun Che nodded with an indifferent expression when suddenly, he heard Xia Qingyue’s voice beside his ear.


 He turned slightly and caught her gaze. The latter looked away after meeting his gaze briefly without saying anything more.


 “Ahem... Brahma Heaven God Emperor, has your devilish energy acted up lately?” Yun Che asked with a concerned look on his face.


 “Hehe,” Qianye Fantian smiled before saying gratefully, “It has been almost an entire month since it last appeared, God Child Yun. This favor alone seems beyond Qianye’s ability to repay.”


 Yun Che beamed at him and said, “It is this junior’s honor to help the number one god emperor of our Eastern Divine Region. However, this junior’s cultivation is poor, and he wasn’t eliminate the devilish energy in one go. There is no doubt that it will act up again soon...”


 Yun Che took a bit of time to think before straightening his expression. “How about this: this junior shall visit the Brahma Monarch God Realm and purify the devilish energy in senior again. I’ll do my best to purify it all so that this will never happen again.”


 Qianye Fantian’s eyes abruptly lit up brightly. He was the Brahma Heaven God Emperor and the strongest profound practitioner in the entire Eastern Divine Region, but right now he looked like he was overwhelmed by the favor Yun Che was showing him as he replied in a hurry, “God Child Yun’s responsibility is to save the world, and Qianye is just one person in trouble. Qianye doesn’t deserve such a great favor from you, God Child Yun.”


 Yun Che let out a sigh before explaining, “Haste makes waste. This junior must wait for the best time to speak with Senior Devil Emperor, or his actions will only backfire on him. This junior won’t be bothering Senior Devil Emperor for a while, and he is also quite free for the time being, so you don’t have to hold back, senior.”


 “Moreover, this junior has had the honor to visit three out of four of the king realms of the Eastern Divine Region, but not the number one king realm. This junior hopes that senior won’t blame him for mixing business with pleasure.”


 Qianye Fantian looked even more overwhelmed after hearing that. “What are you saying, God Child Yun? The Brahma Monarch God Realm is honored to be visited by you!”


 “If this is your wish, then Qianye won’t turn down your offer any longer. Qianye shall head back and make preparations to receive God Child Yun right away.”


 Qianye Fantian left after he bid Yun Che goodbye. His smile was still present, but a flash of doubt appeared in his eyes right after he turned away from Yun Che.


 “God Child Yun, the Holy Eaves Realm would like to invite you to be our guest if you have time. The entire sect will rise up to welcome you if you did... Goodbye.” Luo Chang Sheng also bade Yun Che goodbye. His smile was neither neither obsequious nor supercilious.


 “You are too courteous, Young Master Changsheng.” Yun Che was also smiling at him. They almost looked like a pair of normal acquaintances.


 “Goodbye, God Child Yun.” This time, it was Huo Poyun who walked up to bid him goodbye.


 “Mn. Take care, Young Sect Master Huo.” Yun Che nodded at him with a smile.


 When the experts had finally left, the Ice Phoenix Divine Sect’s atmosphere finally returned to normal.


 Yun Che was just letting out a sigh after sending everyone away when a delicate figure suddenly appeared in front of him, smiling, “How do I look today, Big Brother Yun? Am I pretty?”


 Today, Shui Meiyin wore a blue dress that lessened her womanly charms, but added a couple of points into her purity. Her smile even rivaled Feng Xue’er from many years ago.


 “...Very.” Yun Che’s gaze was completely transfixed by Shui Meiyin. His nod was almost subconscious.


 “Heeheehee.” Shui Meiyin felt extremely happy after noticing that Yun Che was lost in her beauty. She then moved closer and whispered suddenly beside his ear, “Big Brother Yun, can I ask you something? Were you bullied by the devil emperor?”


 “Bully?” Yun Che didn’t understand what she meant.


 “Well... I heard some very strange rumors lately. Since big brother Yun is handsome and the successor of the Heretic God’s power, there were people saying that the devil emperor may have transferred her old love to you... that is to say, the reason the devil emperor listens to you is because big brother Yun has sacrificed his body.”


 “[email protected]#￥% me...” Yun Che exploded on the spot. “Of course not! Who is the bastard who said such things!? This is the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor we’re talking about, how could she possibly even consider such things. Besides... do I look like someone who’d sacrifice his own body!”


 Shui Meiyin stared at him before nodding seriously, “Yep!”


 Swoosh! Yun Che immediately grabbed her cheeks and shook her, “Yep, your head! Speaking nonsense is all you know, little girl!”


 “Aya,” exclaimed Shui Meiyin while holding her reddened cheeks... It was unclear if it was due to the cheek pinch or embarrassment. “Big Brother Yun just grabbed my face. I’m so happy.”


 Yun Che couldn’t help but smile at her, “You look practically the same as you were back then. How come you haven’t changed at all even though it’s been three thousand years?”


 His gaze shifted slightly downward... it didn’t look like her growth had gone there either.


 Shui Meiyin’s expression abruptly stiffened when she heard the words “three thousand years”. She said flusteredly, “What are you talking about! It’s only been three years, get it!? Three years!”


 Until recently, she didn’t care about this at all... But since Yun Che’s age was still in the double digits, she started minding her own age by an unnatural amount.


 “Fine, fine, three years it is,” said Yun Che with a knowing smile on her face.


 Shui Meiyin’s starlike eyes twirled a bit, and she suddenly leaned slightly against Yun Che before saying, “I may have grown three years older, but I’m not exactly young anymore. When are you going to marry me?”


 Yun Che looked at her reddened cheeks and tender face before beaming, “If you seriously can’t wait, we can always go through the wedding night first. How about tonight?”


 At first, Yun Che had been confused, lost, puzzled, and unsure of Shui Meiyin’s obsession and pursuit of him, but now... he was unconsciously accepting and even enjoying her attention.


 He couldn’t deny that he always felt relaxed and happy around her.


 Not only did Shui Meiyin not grow embarrassed or angry, her eyes actually glowed bright as she chuckled, “That’s great! If that’s what you want, then I’ll submit to your whim, big brother Yun. However... I wonder if your wives will agree to this, big brother Yun?”


 “Ahem!” Yun Che straightened his expression and raised his voice, “No woman of mine doesn’t place serving their husband as their highest priority! You know, it almost sounds like you’re questioning my masculine pride!”


 “Yah, I see, you’re so amazing, big brother Yun. I’ll be sure to obey you in the future as well.” said Shui Meiyin as her smile grew even happier and... more mischievous?


 Yun Che was feeling pleased with himself when his eyebrows suddenly moved up without warning.


 Hmm? Something doesn’t seem quite right about this...


 Yun Che abruptly turned around, and he was greeted by the sight of Mu Xuanyin and Xia Qingyue standing side by side less than ten steps away from them. They were completely silent and expressionless, and who knew how long they’d been there.


 “...” Yun Che’s head turned numb as he tugged at his own lips, but failed to draw out a smile. He said stiffly, “Master, Qingyue, you’ve... come.”


 Mu Xuanyin, “...”


 Xia Qingyue, “...”
Unearth this data, retracing it to the very heart of Nøv€lß¡n★

 “Er, Qingyue... why did you tell to me to say those things to the Brahma Heaven God Emperor earlier?” Yun Che forcefully started a conversation.


 Instead of replying to him, Xia Qingyue turned to look at Mu Xuanyin and said, “Senior Mu, Qingyue would like to borrow Yun Che for a couple of days. Is that okay?”


 “No problem. Take him away whenever you want,” said Mu Xuanyin without even the slightest hesitation.


 “Eh? Where are you taking me, Qingyue?” interrupted Yun Che... Wait, that’s not it. Shouldn’t you girls ask permission from me first?


 “Aren’t you going to ask why, Senior Mu?” asked Xia Qingyue softly after turning to face Mu Xuanyin.


 “It’s unnecessary,” Mu Xuanyin shot her a glance, “You’re not going to harm him, are you?”


 Yun Che, “About that, I haven’t agreed to this...”


 “Alright,” Xia Qingyue saluted her quietly, “Qingyue shall deliver him safely back to Senior Mu in ten days.”


 “Anything’s fine as long as he’s alive. I won’t mind if he missing a leg or two.” Mu Xuanyin said with a snort.


 Yun Che, “Master, there’s a couple of things I need to...”


 “If you have no need of him, then Qingyue shall take him away right now. Is that okay, Senior Mu?” asked Xia Qingyue.


 “That’s a wonderful idea. Snow Song Realm isn’t going to get a moment of peace with him around anyway.” Mu Xuanyin agreed to her request immediately. “If it’s you, you can probably control him.”


 Yun Che: (￣ェ￣;)......


 Aya... Shui Meiyin put a finger to her lips thoughtfully.


 My opponents are so scary... I knew I should’ve brought big sister with me!


 .........


 At the border of the Snow Song Realm.


 “Please wait, Young Sect Master Huo.”


 An amiable voice called out to Huo Poyun just as he was about to leave the realm.


 The young sect master turned around and smiled at the figure who had followed him without him realizing it. “Young Master Changsheng! What advice do you have for me?”


 “Hehe,” Luo Changsheng smiled and said, “Advice? I wouldn’t dare. I just want to give you my thanks.”


 Huo Poyun smiled faintly in reply, “Your master was terribly wounded, and she had lost much face during that encounter. I should be thankful that you didn’t blame me for this, much less be deserving of your thanks.”


 “No, no,” Luo Changsheng shook his head and said, “Those are two separate things. Whatever the outcome, Changsheng won’t forget the favor you showed back then. If an opportunity comes by in the future, Changsheng will definitely repay you.”


 “There’s no need.” Huo Poyun shook his head and sighed quietly. “My decision that day was my selfishness speaking. You are completely in the right to think that I was trying to use you.”


 “Hehe, you don’t need to be so courteous, Young Sect Master Huo. I know how it is.” Luo Changsheng paused for a second before lamenting in a seemingly casual tone, “It is the blessing of a lifetime to meet a woman you’re willing to spend all your love on. On the other hand, it is the most painful to lose that woman to another person, especially when your opponent is...”


 “Enough.” Huo Poyun’s smile vanished immediately as he interrupted Luo Changsheng. “Young Master Changsheng, I spent three thousand years in the Eternal Heaven Divine Realm with you. I know just how much you hate Yun Che.”


 Luo Changsheng, “...”


 “I’m pretty sure it feels worse to bow to someone you’ve hated unendingly for three thousand years, doesn’t it?”


 Huo Poyun’s words was incredibly direct and emotionless.


 Luo Changsheng narrowed his eyes before suddenly bursting into laughter, “Hahahaha, maybe you’re right. But that’s how fate is, isn’t it? Man cannot defy the heavens. If this is fate’s will, then fate’s will it shall be whether you want it to or not. What else can you do, am I right?”


 “In that case, then let us pretend that that day never happened. It will be better for both you and me,” said Huo Poyun.


 Luo Changsheng stared at Huo Poyun, his smile never leaving his face, “I understand your meaning, Young Sect Master Huo. Don’t worry, I won’t tell anyone what you messaged me that day... and I definitely won’t be telling Yun Che. I, Luo Changsheng, have at least that much principle.”


 Huo Poyun, “...”


 “Flame God Realm has just recently become an upper star realm, and it’ll be a long time before they get used to the laws of survival of upper star realms. If you run into any troubles during this period, please don’t hesitate to contact me, Young Sect Master Huo.”


 After that, Luo Changsheng turned around and flew away. His figure quickly melted into one with the snowy white background.


 Huo Poyun hung around for a while while breathing heavily. He went away after several breaths’ time.

