

Chapter 1602 - As Easy as Taking Candy from a Baby

 Yun Che replied, “Replying to Your Highness. This girl’s surname is Yun and her first name is Qianying. She’s a commoner my clan took in a month ago... Qianying, what are you waiting for? Hurry up and greet His Highness.”


 He had originally wanted Qianye Ying’er to borrow Bai Cuo’er’s name, but she refused to disguise herself. There were also too many hidden dangers and risks that came with assuming her identity, so he ended up tossing the idea aside.


 “Hmph.” Qianye Ying’er turned her jade face aside as she let out a cold snort filled with disdain.


 Yun Che hurriedly said, “We’ve only recently taken this girl into our household, so we didn’t have sufficient time to educate her. As a result, she lacks good breeding and she does not understand proper etiquette. She also constantly disobeys orders. I hope Your Highness will not blame her.”


 Qianye Ying’er: （╰_╯#）


 To display such arrogance in front of the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince and a whole host of hegemons in the heart of the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect was practically no different from courting death. However, the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince immediately raised a hand and said anxiously, “It’s fine, it’s fine! Hurry... please take a seat of honor. A seat of honor.”


 He had said “seat of honor” instead of “be seated” and the difference between these two sets of words was like the gulf between heaven and earth.


 The Thousand Desolation Crown Prince’s face was colored an extremely abnormal shade of red. His eyes shone constantly and when he spoke, both his voice and his hands would tremble. If his appearance right now was a common spectacle, then no one would dare to believe that he was actually the young master of an upper star realm king sect.


 Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er took their seats and they really were in seats of honor. After they had just taken their seats, the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince’s face suddenly darkened and he yelled, “Wei Taiting, get lost!”


 His low roar stunned the entire crowd into silence. A middle-aged man shakily rose to his feet from one of the seats near the end of the hall. He spoke in a terrified voice, “This... How did this humble one anger Your Highness?”


 This person was precisely the one who had jumped at the opportunity to rebuke the “Bai Clan” just now.


 “Hmph!” The Thousand Desolation Crown Prince’s expression grew even colder as his manner swelled to its most imperious and intimidating. “The Bai Clan has always treated my Thousand Desolation Divine Sect with the utmost sincerity. Even though they arrived late today, it was definitely not intentional. Furthermore, it is certainly not the prerogative of your Flashing Thunder Valley to slander them with your filthy words!”


 “Leave this place immediately!”


 Wei Taiting’s complexion went deathly white and everyone who had echoed his sentiments just now screwed their mouths shut in fear. Wei Taiting immediately knelt to the ground, his entire body trembling. “Your... Your Highness, this humble one only got angry on behalf of Your Highness, that’s why...”


 “Get out!” The Thousand Desolation Crown Prince’s eyes narrowed. “Or could it be that you want me to personally throw you out?”


 Wei Taiting shuddered violently and his face was completely drained of blood. He backpedaled in panic as he said, “Please calm down Your Highness... Get lost, I will get lost right now...”


 Wei Taiting practically stumbled over himself as he fled the scene. It was very likely that he would be plagued by nightmares over this event for a very long time to come.


 The Thousand Desolation Crown Prince turned around and was just about to speak when his eyes made contact with Qianye Ying’er. After that, his vision violently blurred once more and it took an incredible amount of effort for him to tear his eyes away from her. It was only then that he managed to speak. “There will always be blind fools in this world. I hope that he did not spoil your mood. Today, please feel free to drink and make merry, to your heart’s content.”


 The birthday feast continued, but the atmosphere had become odd.


 Every single one of the people invited to this birthday feast was someone important—and they were not just any old “important people”. Everyone who had reached their level had seen their fill of glorious beauties and their pursuit of the profound way had long since transcended such earthly desires.


 However, Qianye Ying’er’s arrival had cast a light that was far too dazzling over this birthday feast... It was so dazzling that it nearly destroyed their concept of light itself.


 There were many exceptionally beautiful women at this feast and they had all been brought along by these hegemons in hopes of catching the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince’s eye. Every woman who was brought to this feast was a famous beauty... However, their brilliance, which normally drew all attention to them and caused waves wherever they went, had been completely extinguished the moment Qianye Ying’er stepped into the hall.


 These women, who had originally been showing off their beauty, were now hanging their heads deeply. They did not dare to look up, speak, or even glance in Qianye Ying’er’s direction. Their hearts filled with jealousy and inferiority like they had never felt before.


 This was supposed to be the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince’s six thousandth birthday celebration, but the star of the show had completely changed. Regardless of whether it was their wandering eyes or their hearts, all of it was focused on Qianye Ying’er. Furthermore, it seemed like the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince himself was completely ignorant of what was happening, because he himself was the most distracted person in the hall.


 He had lived for six thousand years and he held an exalted status. What kind of woman hadn’t he seen before!? The amount of concubines in his harem had long since surpassed the ten thousand mark and he thought that his gigantic harem already contained all of the beauty this world had to offer.


 But today, he suddenly realized that the women in his harem were actually so ordinary... No, they were downright homely at this point.


 When he thought about how this woman was a “gift” that the Bai Clan was giving to him, his heart started to thump wildly in his chest. Not only was he not able to calm it down, it actually started beating faster and faster, and he felt as if all the blood in his body boiled along with it. This caused his face and his skin to turn a startling shade of red.


 At this moment, he suddenly jumped to his feet and spoke to Yun Che. “Brother Bai, I heard that there has been some upheaval in the eastern regions lately. I just so happen to have a matter I want to discuss with your Bai Clan regarding the eastern region. Shall we take it somewhere private?”


 The great hall instantly fell into a hush and Devotee Divine Sunflower secretly sighed. However, he did not say anything... In fact, he was not the least bit surprised.


 To think that there existed a woman who was actually this perfect... Even the beauty of the Devil Queen Chi Wuyao, who was said to be able to steal one’s soul with a glance and bring disaster to the world with a smile, would only be on par with this woman’s.


 Almost everyone present bowed their heads as various expressions crossed their faces. They all knew what the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince’s intentions were, but the excuse he was using was simply far too shoddy.


 However, this girl named Yun Qianying did indeed have the qualifications.


 Yun Che gave a cold snort in his heart. He had originally thought that this Thousand Desolation Crown Prince would be able to hold out until the end of the birthday feast... He had thought that he would at least comport himself with the barest amount of restraint and dignity that was expected from the crown prince of a realm king.
This essence is securely nested within the heart of Nøv€lß¡n★

 However, not even one hundred breaths had passed since he and Qianye Ying’er had stepped into the hall.


 Yun Che rose to his feet and said cheerily, “Of course, we will obey Your Highness’ every command. Qianying, follow along as well.”


 The Thousand Desolation Crown Prince led the way, abandoning his own six thousandth birthday celebration. He led Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er into the inner hall under everyone’s staring eyes and the moment the doors to the inner hall were shut, the great hall immediately burst out into a cacophony of noise as discussions sprang up all over the place.


 The Thousand Desolation Crown Prince shut the doors to the inner hall tightly. After that, a barrier formed on its own to isolate all sound and aura. This sort of thing certainly could not be disturbed or interrupted by anyone. He turned around and tried to look imposing, but they could see that his lips and fingers were trembling uncontrollably.


 “Brother Bai.” He looked at Yun Che, but the corners of his eyes kept twitching as his gaze seemed to be drawn toward Qianye Ying’er by an invisible and inexorable force. “So... what exactly is the present... that you’ve prepared for me?”


 Even he could hear the trembling in his voice and he was well aware of how pathetic he looked right now. In fact, he was sure that he had thrown away all the dignity he had accumulated in this life.


 But that was not important... None of it was important! He even had this incomparably terrifying but exciting thought at this moment. If he could have this woman, even if he were to be ripped to bits after one night with her, he would not hesitate to choose that very option.


 However, it was a pity that he was completely unaware of the identity of the woman who stood in front of him. This was a woman who had not allowed the strongest god emperor of Southern Divine Region to lay a single finger on her, despite his maniacal pursuit of her, a chase that had lasted for centuries.


 Yun Che silently scanned their surroundings with his spiritual perception. This was indeed worthy of being called the inner hall of the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect, it nearly perfectly isolated their auras. He gave a faint smile before stepping aside and saying, “If Your Highness wants to know what the gift is, all Your Highness needs to do is to come a little closer and take a look.”


 The Thousand Desolation Crown Prince’s throat made a huge gulping sound and his vision violently swayed. He could not be bothered with words anymore as he took a big step forward, but the moment his foot hit the ground, he suddenly saw a burning scarlet butterfly flit by him.


 After that, he saw two... three... a hundred... a thousand...


 The flaming butterflies danced in the air, and it looked as beautiful as an illusion. They flew all over the place, landing on his eyes, flying into his pupils, turning his whole world into a sea of pure fire.


 Thunk.


 The Thousand Desolation Crown Prince collapsed forward, his eyes half-closed, a dazed expression on his face. He looked completely intoxicated but he did not move a single muscle.


 The Red Butterfly Soul Domain!


 Given the powerful divine soul possessed by a Divine Sovereign, it was extremely difficult for the Red Butterfly Soul Domain to forcefully burn up their souls. However, because of the extremely pathetic state of his soul just now, sealing his soul inside the world of flaming butterflies had been as easy as taking candy from a baby.


 “Heh.” From beginning to end, Qianye Ying’er had not even spared the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince a single glance. Because to her, she would practically be like soiling her own eyes. “To think that trash like this could actually be the crown prince of a realm king. What a joke.”


 However, no simple person could become the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince, but she naturally would not lay any of the blame on herself.


 Furthermore, if she had to compare... she would rather be Yun Che’s toy than let trash like this touch even the corner of her robes.


 Yun Che extended a finger and shot out his profound handle, sending it flying into the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince’s soul... After that, his expression changed slightly.


 “Mn?” Qianye Ying’er seemed to sense something, causing her eyebrows to arch slightly.


 “No wonder the Thousand Desolation Sect Master wasn’t present.” Yun Che’s voice had turned low and deep. “He left this place an hour ago to personally welcome someone.”


 “Who?” Qianye Ying’er’s expression had also grown more serious. A person who could make the Thousand Desolation Sect Master go out and greet them was definitely no ordinary person.


 “It’s someone from the Burning Moon King Realm,” Yun Che said. “A person that we absolutely cannot deal with right now.”


 “Let’s go!” Qianye Ying’er said in an incredibly decisive manner.


 “No.” Yun Che’s gaze had turned dark. “Since we’re already here, how can we return empty-handed? Furthermore, I already promised the Heavenly Handle Yun Clan and Yun Shang that I would definitely turn this place upside down!”


 A fiery light flashed through his eyes and the Red Butterfly Soul Domain instantly erupted, completely incinerating the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince’s soul, turning him into a living vegetable.


 Yun Che dressed himself in the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince’s outer garments with a swish of his arm, and in the blink of an eye, his face and the length of his hair were exactly the same as the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince.


 Qianye Ying’er stared at Yun Che before she suddenly blurted out, “No wonder the three divine regions could not even catch your shadow when they were hunting for you with full force. The Ni Yuan Stone, the ability to turn invisible and nearly perfect disguise skills which do not rely on profound energy. It’s really a waste that you didn’t become a thief!”


 Yun Che threw the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince’s body into the Primordial Profound Ark. With just a single thought, the darkness aura that radiated from his body matched the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince’s aura perfectly. He did not even have to put in any effort. After that, he sent profound energy surging through his body, causing his face to go completely red.


 “Let’s go!” Yun Che started walking forward. Without waiting for Qianye Ying’er’s response, he firmly wrapped an arm around her waist and pushed open the great doors to the inner hall.


 “Hahahaha.” The face of the “Thousand Desolation Crown Prince” was ruddy and he walked out with his arm wrapped around Qianye Ying’er’s waist. He even let out an unbridled and wanton laugh that was not dignified in the least. “Everyone, just now I suddenly realized that I had something important to do, so I’ll need to retire to my bedchambers for a while. Please continue to drink and make merry, there’s no need to stand on ceremony. Great Elder, I’ll have to trouble you to take care of the guests here, I’ll be back soon.”


 He did not wait for anyone’s response. The moment he finished speaking, he picked up Qianye Ying’er and shot into the air. In the blink of an eye, he had already flown far away and he had basically abandoned his six thousandth birthday celebration.


 Bang!


 Devotee Divine Sunflower shattered a table with his palm. “This is truly outrageous!”


 “But we can’t really blame the young master this time,” the old man beside him said. “That sort of woman... Whew.”


 He thought about it for a good long time but he could not find any words that he could use to describe her. The only thing he could do was let out a long breath.


 Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er arrived at the crown prince’s bedchambers unimpeded. After that, they entered a secret room that was layered with seals. Yun Che grabbed the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince’s body from the Primordial Profound Ark and pressed his hand against the seals, squeezing out a drop of blood.


 Clang——


 With a soft ringing sound and a flash of profound light, an invisible barrier was opened and a secret passage that led to an unknown location appeared.


 “I hope that this harvest won’t disappoint me too badly.” Yun Che’s lips slowly curled up into a smile. Because this was a secret passage that could only be opened up by using fresh blood which belonged to the sect master’s bloodline, a passage that led straight to the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect’s most important treasury!

