

Chapter 829 - Moonflowers Maliciousness

  

 “Let’s go!” Sovereign of the Seas Qu Fengyi threw the word out coldly, flinged his sleeve and coldly left... Xuanyuan Wentian had at least said something but she did not even look Feng Hengkong in the eye.


 The three venerables who died at the hands of Moonflower had their bodies eroded from the poison and Mo Chenfeng had even turned into dust; they could not bring him back even if they wanted to.


 All the Ocean Palace venerables and elders also swiftly followed and left. Zi Ji had stayed until the end, cupped his hands towards Feng Hengkong and said, “Divine Phoenix Sect Master, I bid you farewell.”


 “Pardon me for not sending you off,” Feng Hengkong hurriedly returned the greeting.


 “Hmph!” Ye Meixie snorted coldly, gathered the people from Sun Moon Divine Hall and left as well.


 Huangji Wuyu glanced at Feng Hengkong, before shooting Spiritual Master Ancient Blue with a mundane look. Spiritual Master Ancient Blue then said, “Yuanba, we are going to leave as well.”


 “Ahh?” Xia Yuanba turned around, “Master, Lord Sacred Master, my Brother-in-law and Little Sister Xue’er have just gotten engaged, I want to stay for a few more days.”


 “That is their matter, and Divine Phoenix Sect’s household matter. How is it appropriate for you to stay?” Spiritual Master Ancient Blue shook his head sternly.


 “Yuanba, you should go back.” Yun Che smiled as he said, before silently sending a sound transmission over, “After you leave, I should be immediately returning to the Illusory Demon Realm for a few years and it would probably be hard for us to meet. However, you do not have to worry about my safety because even if Xuanyuan Wentian attacks the Illusory Demon Realm tomorrow, there would be no problem. My master has personally said before that even if the Four Great Sacred Masters were to work together, they might still not be a match for the Little Demon Empress.”


 Xia Yuanba clenched his fists tightly but still lightly nodded in the end, “Brother-in-law, for the next few years, I will work hard and cultivate. The next time we meet, I will definitely give you a huge shock.”


 “Hahaha, I believe that fully,” Yun Che laughed. All these years, Xia Yuanba brought him far too many miracles and surprises.


 Huangji Wuyu brought Xia Yuanba and all the people from Absolute Monarch Sanctuary and left, similarly without saying anything to Feng Hengkong.


 In the blink of an eye, the Four Great Sacred Grounds had all left and the atmosphere turned extremely awkward. When the other powerhouses saw this, they also gradually went to bid their farewells.


 In a short amount of time, all the Profound Sky powerhouses, that had travelled all the way to attend the banquet, had all disappeared leaving behind a pathetic scene of a Phoenix City where the Phoenix Main Hall that once stood in the city center had been razed to the ground.
Explore the labyrinthine roots of this substance at Nøv€lß¡n

 Feng Hengkong closed his eyes and inhaled strongly, his throat forced out a sigh that was extremely grim.


 Having inherited the position of Divine Phoenix Sect Master and Divine Phoenix Emperor for an entire century, today was the first time that he had clearly felt reality.


 Before and after Jasmine left... their predicament was even wider than heaven and earth.


 “Sigh.” Feng Tianwei and Feng Zukui also let out a similar deep sigh whereas the other elders and attendants still remained shocked and did not know what to do.


 Feng Hengkong’s gaze turned towards Feng Tianwei and Feng Zukui. All three of them looked equally helpless. Feng Hengkong sighed inwardly and walked towards Yun Che and Feng Xue’er.


 “Yun Che, you should leave.” Feng Tianwei said, “Your identity of the Illusory Demon Realm Demon Emperor has been revealed. Furthermore, you possess the Mirror of Samsara. The Four Great Sacred Grounds will definitely not let you off. Now that your master has left, no one can protect you... Hurry up and leave to the place you think is the safest. Otherwise...”


 Feng Tianwei looked up into the sky, “When everyone has dispersed, they might return immediately.”


 Obviously, Feng Tianwei has seen through this as well. After all, during the Devil Sword Conference, he personally witnessed the Four Great Sacred Ground’s attitude towards this “Demon Emperor” as well as their hideous expression when facing the “Mirror of Samsara”.


 “I’ll leave immediately.” Yun Che had already planned everything as he held Feng Xue’er’s hand, “However, it will not be me alone. I’ll bring Xue’er along with me.”


 Feng Hengkong’s expression flipped as he angrily retorted, “No! Do you want to drag Xue’er into quicksand as well!?”


 “No,” Yun Che shook his head firm, “It’s precisely because I’m worried about Xue’er’s safety that I have to bring her with me. Xue’er is now my fiancee. Those people that want to look for me might go after Xue’er when they cannot find me... Especially Xuanyuan Wentian, that despicable sly old fox. He’s definitely capable of doing this!”


 “My Divine Phoenix Sect has the protection of the Phoenix God. Furthermore, Xue’er is the successor to the Phoenix God, who would dare to go after her!” Feng Hengkong howled, but right after he spoke, his might suddenly weakened... Because he suddenly remembered that Yun Che has long since known that the Phoenix God was dead.


 “Don’t worry, the place that I’m going to bring Xue’er to is undoubtedly the safest place. She will not encounter any danger or face any threats. Otherwise, I would never choose to bring her along. Furthermore...” Yun Che’s voice was very calm and it seemed as though he had everything planned, “I have ways to speed up Xue’er’s cultivation. After I bring Xue’er away, we might not be able to return for years. However, the day that we return, I assure you that Xue’er’s phoenix powers will have grown to a jaw dropping level.”


 Yun Che’s voice was so calm that it had an aura which one could not even try to question. Feng Hengkong looked at him for a while, before turning to Feng Xue’er, “Xue’er, do you want to stay at home or follow him?”


 “Royal Father...” Feng Xue’er replied softly, “Where ever Big Brother Yun goes, I will follow.”


 “...” The corners of Feng Hengkong lips twitched, but he did not speak for a while. He then turned around and let out a long sigh before grimly saying, “Yun Che, when you killed my sons... I fully deserved it and I could force myself to forget. However... if anything happens to Xue’er, I will not let you off even when I become a ghost!”


 “Royal Father...” Feng Xue’er’s tears shot out nearly instantly as she said in a trembling voice, “Xue’er is unfilial. She has always made you worry all these years... Big Brother Yun and I will return soon... we will... Royal Father please take care of yourself...”


 Feng Hengkong waved his hands behind and did not speak, as though asking them to leave immediately. Towards Yun Che, Feng Xue’er was more than infatuated with him; it could even be said that she had been bewitched by him. Although he could not bear it, was extremely worried and hated Yun Che, for a woman to meet a person she was willing to give her all for, perhaps it could be said to be happiness.


 Feng Tianwei and Feng Zukui secretly listened in the entire time but they did not interrupt nor did they affect Feng Xue’er and Feng Hengkong’s final decision. Feng Zukui turned to an elder beside him and said, “Qingshan, go bring all the Three-striped Phoenix Spirit Pellets over and let Xue’er bring them along.”


 “Yes.” The old man who was called “Qingshan” turned around and disappeared.


 “Big Brother Yun, are we leaving now?” Feng Xue’er asked with tear filled eyes.


 “Mn,” Yun Che nodded, “When she left, regardless whether it was my identity or whether it was the Mirror of Samsara that I had on me, I must temporarily leave the Profound Sky Continent. However, this is good as well. After all, I promised to bring you to the Illusory Demon Realm to meet my parents... After we leave here, we’ll go Blue Wind Imperial City to bring along your big sister Cang Yue. Then, we’ll go to Floating Cloud City to bring along Grandpa, Little Aunt, Xiao Yun, and the rest before we proceed to the Snow Region of Extreme Ice to bring the people of Frozen Cloud Asgard... For the next few years or perhaps decades, you will have to stay with me in the Illusory Demon Realm.”


 Before he left for the Illusory Demon Realm, he had to bring all related people along... including Frozen Cloud Asgard. Otherwise, they would definitely meet with a great calamity. Furthermore, since had been tasked by the late Gong Yuxian and had already developed strong ties with Frozen Cloud Asgard, he could not leave them behind.


 Furthermore, with the massive inner world of the Primordial Profound Ark, bringing along the few thousand members of Frozen Cloud Asgard was an easy feat.


 “As long as it’s a place with Big Brother Yun, anywhere is fine,” Feng Xue’er looked at him and gently said. She did not have any worries or fears towards the unknown Illusory Demon Realm.


 Just as she finished speaking, she felt Yun Che’s body freeze and she immediately asked, “Big Brother Yun, what’s wrong?”


 The calm of Yun Che’s face disappeared and he wore a serious expression. Even his eyes had a brutal gaze.


 This feeling...


 Why would there be a sudden sense of fatal danger...


 This frightening feeling was more frightening than what he experienced when he initially encountered the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign in the Moon Slaughter Devil’s nest...


 What was it?


 Just where exactly did it come from?


 He had a frightening sensitivity towards dange. In that previous moment, a sense of danger of unknown origin caused all the hairs on his body to stand. All the nerves in his body tightened as well... That frightening feeling seemed like a giant python’s mouth was just inches above his own head.


 However, the surrounding ground had already been levelled by Jasmine. Other than the people from Divine Phoenix Sect, there was no other outsider present nor did any outsider approach. Furthermore, not a single person revealed killing intent. However, this extremely scary dangerous feeling lingered around creepily as though it was borne out of thin air.


 Yun Che’s palm grabbed firmly onto the helpless Feng Xue’er and pushed her behind him. He gritted his teeth and scanned the surroundings... Suddenly, on the empty ground, he spotted a strand of very fine and very minor reflection that one usually would not have been able to tell with the naked eye.


 After forcefully plucking the Netherworld Udumbara Flower in the Moon Slaughter Devil Nest, Yun Che’s soul force surged after he woke up from his unconsciousness. This extremely minor reflection entered his spirit sense and into his vision.


 That was a strand of long hair... Right before Moonflower left, she dropped it from between her fingers.


 The black and long strand of hair seemed to possess a dark green glow to it as well.


 Yun Che looked at it dumbly before his expression drastically changed. His eyes widened till they nearly burst out as his gathered all the strength in his hands and roughly pushed Feng Xue’er away.


 “Xue’er leave, quick!!”


 Splurt!!


 Even before Feng Xue’er, who had been pushed away, managed to regain her composure, a violent piercing noise erupted from behind...


 That strand of hair left behind by Moonflower turned into a thick deep green glow and shot towards Yun Che at a speed that he could not react to and could not even comprehend. It shot through his chest and came out from behind scattering the sky with... green blood.


 Bang!


 Yun Che was sent flying and landed hundreds of meters away. The green glow then disappeared, but on the left side of Yun Che’s chest, a huge bloodied hole appeared... His heart had been completely destroyed.


 The green poison began to spread on the side of the wound... However, it was quickly cleansed by the Sky Poison Pearl and completely disappeared.


 Yun Che fell to the ground, his face pale white, his eyes unfocused and his lips trembling with difficulty...


 “Hong...”


 Yun Che’s eyes completely lost any signs of life and he fell silent.


 Yun Che had received numerous injuries in his life and many times they were severe. However, his body and willpower exceeded that of a normal man. No matter how severe the injury, he would never let himself become unconscious. Even during the fight with the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign where he completely consumed all his profound energy, he managed to forcefully hang on and did not lose conscious immediately.


 However, this time, he could not even shout out “Hong’er’s” name and had already lost his conscious. The hole before his chest and the pool of blood belonging to his body was a frightening sight.


 Moonflower promised Jasmine not to mention Yun Che to anyone after she returned. This promise, would definitely be kept... because she promised to not mention Yun Che. However, she never said that she wouldn’t kill him.


 When she promised Jasmine... or perhaps when she detected Jasmine’s aura on Yun Che, Yun Che had already become a dead person in her eyes.


 Although what she left behind was only a thin strand of hair, it possessed extremely frightening poison and divine power. No matter whether it was the poison or the divine power, it could easily poison or obliterate anyone single person from the Profound Sky Continent!


 There was no chance of survival at all.


 Yun Che possessed the Sky Poison Pearl which cleansed Moonflower’s poison.


 He possessed the Dragon God’s Body, and was protected by Rage God’s strength. That was why his body did not disintegrate on the spot. However, that was still the power of a god. Not only had a huge hole been pierced through, the energy that entered his body had torn his body completely apart from the inside, shattering all of his meridians and veins.


 :


 I know I stated that I was going to China with mommychu to visit grannychu and was hoping to return sometime June or so, but mommychu struck again, pushing our flight to June 1st. My trip to China is also now extended from June to the middle of July. Due to this trip, the planned double daily month releases for MEN will now be even more delayed. They WILL still come out after my trip though! Any regular chapters for every one of our series will still be coming out when I’m there (MEN 7, ATG 7, SR 8). I will try my best to get them out according to schedule, but if any chapters are missed due to chinachu problems, all of them will be made up when I get home.


 I know some people do not read the chapter posts in their haste to read the chapter so I’ll be leaving this message at the bottom of each chapter as a reminder!

