

Chapter 849 - Unrelenting Spirit

  

 “Xuanyuan Wentian... You definitely... won’t... have a good end!!”


 Xiao Yun struggled painfully. Although Number Seven Under Heaven was right by his side and in her stomach was their unborn child, he could not even stretch forward to touch her.


 “Really... It’s a pity that you people who are about to die will never ever get to see it!”


 Even Xuanyuan Wentian yell allowed others feel his rage and killing intent. His main objective for coming here today was to seize the Mirror of Samsara. His secondary objective was to eliminate the Little Demon Empress and Feng Xue’er, two people who might pose a threat to him. He did not overestimate himself but he did underestimate the Little Demon Empress’ strength, which nearly caused him to lose his life and ended up in an exceptionally miserable and pathetic state.


 Although he had regained control of the entire situation as well as control over everyone’s lives, the fear and shame he suffered caused him to feel much more rage than happiness.


 Xuanyuan Wentian walked forward one step at a time, his devilish gaze stared fixedly at the Little Demon Empress, “Little Demon Empress, you are much stronger than that pathetic trash of a Demon Emperor. You actually stepped onto the path of divinity before this sovereign... However, after your death, under these heavens, there will no longer be anyone that can pose a threat to this sovereign!”


 “This sovereign had originally wanted to just cripple you and let you live until the day this sovereign descended upon Illusory Demon Realm and let you personally see Illusory Demon Realm submitting below this sovereign’s feet!


 “But now... This sovereign wants you dead immediately!!” Xuanyuan Wentian howled. The Eternal Night Devil Sword gave off a black glow and it pierced straight towards the Little Demon Empress, who could not move.


 Being restrained within the Darkness Prison, the Little Demon Empress could not move. Facing the impending death, she did not speak and her eyes were as calm as still water, there was not a single sign of fear. If one wanted to really talk about her emotions, there was only intense hatred and discontent.


 “Little Demon Empress sis!!” Feng Xue’er desperately struggled but could only close her eyes in despair.


 “Stop it!!” Number One Under Heaven’s eyes were bloodshot as he howled so loudly he nearly tore his throat.


 Rippp ——


 The darkness aura tore a long black crack in the air before suddenly stopping. Xuanyuan Wentian’s hand slowly closed and his face remained hideous, “Tch... This sovereign has nearly forgotten the important matter. Before you hand over the Mirror of Samsara, you cannot die.”


 Little Demon Empress, “...”


 “Tell this sovereign, where is the Mirror of Samsara?” Xuanyuan Wentian stretched out his hand towards the Little Demon Empress and asked in an unusually low voice. Although all of them were like fish in a tank to him, it did not mean that he would be able to find the Mirror of Samsara after killing everyone. He did not even see the actual Mirror of Samsara before so there was no way he could find it from its aura either.


 The Little Demon Empress’ eyes were ice cold, “Even if you kill all of us, you will never be able to find it.”


 “Heheheh, is that so?” Xuanyuan Wentian’s lips curled up and he smiled eerily like a devil, “That’s great. There’s so many people here, if I kill all of them at the same time, it would be too boring. Since you chose to be stubborn, let’s play a game. This sovereign will patiently ask you the same question over and over again. You can choose not to answer. But... each time you remain stubborn, I will tear one person here into pieces! I’ll let you see clearly how they all die without a complete corpse due to your foolishness!”


 “Xuanyuan Wentian... you despicable and vicious devil!!” Number One Under Heaven had nearly shattered his teeth from clenching them.


 “Little Demon Empress sis, don’t say anything, you don’t need to worry about us!” Feng Xue’er was still struggling furiously.


 “Laughable!” The Little Demon Empress looked up and mocked coldly, “Since I’m destined to die, should I still fear your death threats? The Mirror of Samsara is my clan’s sacred artifact. It is not something a pathetic human like you can touch!”
Emerging from the sanctum of Nøv€lß¡n☆, this essence holds secrets untold.

 The Little Demon Empress’s gaze made Xuanyuan Wentian extremely uncomfortable. The corners of his mouth twitched before he started laughing even more eerily, “Very good! Extremely good... It’s only interesting this way! What this sovereign has now is time. Let this sovereign see just how long you can keep this up.”


 His gaze ferociously left the Little Demon Empress’ body and landed on the people behind her, “Then, where shall I start... Heh, a game must have increasing difficulty to be fun. So let’s start... from the most useless one!!”


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s gaze instantly fixated onto the person with the weakest profound strength. With a cold laugh, his palm closed and that person was sucked right in front of him.


 This person, who was the weakest in profound cultivation amongst everyone, was...


 Xiao Lingxi!!


 As she screamed in panic, an irresistibly massive, ice cold force had pushed her to the front of Xuanyuan Wentian. She, Cang Yue and Xiao Lie had originally been protected at the back. Although given how things had developed, everyone had already prepared for certain death, no one could have imagined that the first person Xuanyuan Wentian was going to go for would be Xiao Lingxi.


 “Lingxi!!”


 “Little Aunt!!”


 “Noo!!!”


 This scene caused Xiao Lie to scream in despair. Tears rolled down his elderly face in an instant which caused everyone to show signs of pain in their eyes. Their hearts felt torn as well. Their reactions caused the dark glow within Xuanyuan Wentian’s eyes to intensify as happiness surged in his heart... This was the scene that he had wanted to see the most!!


 “Hahahahaha... “ Xuanyuan Wentian could not control himself and laughed frantically. He was glad that he had not instantly killed everyone in rage previously. Otherwise, how would he be able to enjoy a scene of such satisfaction.


 He lifted his palm that was shrouded with dark aura and said exceptionally slowly, “Little Demon Empress, just look at how she will turn into bloody pieces under this sovereign’s hands... Hehe, little girl, after you go to hell, you shouldn’t blame me. Because you originally could have had a quick death. However, because she insists on being stubborn with this sovereign, you’re going to die without a complete corpse, HAHAHAHA...”


 As he laughed heartily, Xuanyuan Wentian’s palm was slamming down onto Xiao Lingxi’s forehead with intensity.


 “Stop it!!”


 “Little Aunt!!”


 “Ahhh!!!”


 Heart wrenching despair could be felt from the shouts but because their bodies were firmly trapped within the Darkness Prison, other than shouting, they were completely unable to do anything to stop him.


 With wide open eyes, Xuanyuan Wentian’s palm landed onto the top of Xiao Lingxi’s head. They could only close their eyes in pain as there seemed to be ice cold blood flowing from the torn apart soul...


 “Ahhhh... ahhhhhhhh!!!”


 There was a deafening and miserable scream but... it was not the cries of Xiao Lingxi! But obviously...


 The voice of Xuanyuan Wentian!?


 Xiao Lingxi, who kept her eyes shut, could feel the impending death approaching... However, after that, she did not feel any pain. It was even as though the aura of death approaching had vanished as well. Beside her ears, she could hear miserable cries that should not be present. She opened her eyes in confusion...


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s palm still remained on top of her head with his fingers fully spread. However, the darkness aura coming from it seemed to have disappeared. His other hand was firmly grabbing onto his own head while his face and body seemed to be contorting. He was even letting out extremely miserable cries as though he was suffering from some intense pain.


 Everyone opened their eyes and were shocked upon seeing Xuanyuan Wentian who had suddenly undergone such a weird change. However, no one knew what had happened.


 “Im... Impossible... Ugh... Ahhhh... Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!”


 Xuanyuan Wentian felt as though his own soul was currently being pierced by thousands and thousands of knifes. The fingers of the hand that was holding his head twisted until they broke and nearly pierced into his skull.


 “Im... Impossible...” He painfully shouted, “I clearly... had... already... Ughhhhhhh...”


 “What happened?” Xiao Yun muttered in shock.


 “Could it be... the backlash of his energy?” Number One Under Heaven muttered before immediately denying it himself, “That’s not right... This doesn’t look like an energy backlash at all...”


 Thump!


 “Ahh... ahhhhhh... ahhh...” In a short instant, Xuanyuan Wentian half knelt down to the ground. His body spasmed intensely in pain and the joints on his hands were as white as bone. It looked as though he was suffering from the world’s most cruel torture.


 Xiao Lingxi, who was the closest to him, was so startled her petite face turned pale white... and at this time, the painfully struggling Xuanyuan Wentian seemed to have suddenly thought of something and his eyes that were almost completely white from the torture suddenly turned and stared firmly at Xiao Lingxi, “It’s... you... It’s you! I... will kill... you!”


 He raised up his right hand and pounced aggressively towards Xiao Lingxi.


 “Ahhhh!!”


 “Ughhhaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!”


 With two miserable cries, one that came from the once again greatly frightened Xiao Lingxi while the other more intense cry came from Xuanyuan Wentian. Originally, he was pouncing towards Xiao Lingxi but he had fallen to the ground in an instant. His hands clutched onto his head tightly and rolled continuously on the ground as though he was a wolf that had its leg broken and was completely afraid. He could not stand up and uttered cries that were increasingly miserable as though he was trapped in the deepest depths of hell.


 Time and time again, brushing against the doors of death, yet completely not knowing what was happening, Xiao Lingxi’s petite face was completely lacking any hint of color. She wanted to shrink back in fear and her heart nearly jumped out of her mouth.


 “What’s... going on? Could the heavens be giving out judgement?” Xiao Yun and the others were completely stunned.


 “Ughaahhhhhhh... Ahhhhahhh... Ahhh...”


 Xuanyuan Wentian rolled on the ground and struggled continuously. However, his miserable cries started to become less frequent. Suddenly, a voice rang beside Xiao Lingxi’s ears.


 “Lingxi... Hurry... Leave...”


 This voice was exceptionally weak and hoarse and it even sounded to be in extreme pain.


 This indistinct voice that was unable to be recognized caused Xiao Lingxi to feel as though she was struck by lightning. A figure instantly flashed through her mind.


 “Big Brother Fen...” Xiao Lingxi muttered subconsciously before her entire body shuddered intensely and she shouted agitatedly, “Big Brother Fen! Is that you... Is that you!?”


 Xiao Lingxi’s cry was like a sword that pierced fatally straight at Xuanyuan Wentian’s soul, causing his body to spasm intensely. He rolled on the ground even more strongly and his cries sounded even more painful. The spots that his body rolled past were left wet with shocking sweat.


 “Fen Jue... chen?!” Xiao Yun and Number One Under Heaven could not believe their own ears and Number One Under Heaven even uttered in shock, “Could it be... Feng Juechen’s soul was not completely eradicated by Xuanyuan Wentian?”


 “Hurry up and leave...” The hoarse voice was even weaker and sounded more pained.


 After Xuanyuan Wentian lost control of the body, his soul was in extreme pain and the strength of the Darkness Prison started to decrease. The struggling Feng Xue’er felt as though the profound energy that was suppressing her had greatly reduced. She suddenly raised her energy and following a loud phoenix cry, the black aura surrounding her instantly dissipated and ferocious phoenix flames burned.


 Feng Xue’er, who had regained her freedom, surged her profound energy immediately and brought Xiao Lingxi to the back before shooting a phoenix arrow straight at Xuanyuan Wentian.


 Boom!!


 Xuanyuan Wentian howled miserably as he was sent flying by the phoenix flames. Unable to gather any profound energy for defense, his body was immediately engulfed by the phoenix flames and burned fiercely. Feng Xue’er shot forward swiftly, conjuring up all the phoenix flame energy within her body and shot several blows of Phoenix Flames Sears the Heavens at Xuanyuan Wentian.


 This was the first time in her life she did not hold back one bit and merciless burned all her phoenix flames!


 In the blink of an eye, the skies were illuminated by the flames and the area where Xuanyuan Wentian stood turned into a sea of phoenix flames. However, Feng Xue’er’s attacks did not stop. A massive Star Scorching Demon Lotus descended from the sky and bloomed mercilessly within the sea of flames.


 Boom!!


 A streak of black light suddenly flashed from the midst of the sea of flames and forcefully destroyed the Star Scorching Demon Lotus. From the opening that had been torn apart within the sea of flames, the Eternal Night Devil Sword shot towards the sky. On the sword lay Xuanyuan Wentian who appeared as though he was on the brink of death. Following which, the devil sword flashed with a black light and shot off towards the south.


 “Eventually... one day... this sovereign will.... send all of you to hell!!”


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s weak voice, that was filled with hatred, echoed from afar. Just as Feng Xue’er was about to give chase, she blacked out. Her body buckled and she nearly collapsed to the ground.


 After she broke free from the Darkness Prison and attacked without restraint, she worsened the internal injuries she had suffered previously. Judging from her current state, chasing up to Xuanyuan Wentian who had escaped on the Eternal Night Devil Sword was nearly impossible.

