

Chapter 861 - World Scorching Fire Lotus

  

 The Little Demon Empress and Feng Xue’er were puzzled at Xuanyuan Wentian’s anomaly for a short moment but immediately after, they suddenly sensed Xuanyuan Wentian’s killing intent rise explosively. Furthermore, the killing intent was locked onto Yun Che... and him alone.


 The two girls’ hearts skipped a beat at the same time and Xuanyuan Wentian simultaneously let out a furious roar as well. His entire being was like a dormant wild beast. Carrying a black aura that filled the sky, he charged over.


 Feng Xue’er and the Little Demon Empress met his charge at lightning speed. Like the eruption of volcanoes, two masses of divine flames engulfed Xuanyuan Wentian.


 “Scram!!”


 Xuanyuan Wentian smashed out his sword, slicing a pitch-black sword arc within the sea of flames. In an instant, tens of thousands of sword beams exploded forth from the Eternal Night Devil Sword and every sword beam was pitch-black and distorted, as though they were millions of ghosts originating from the crevices of hell. Even the spatial tearing sounds were ghastly like the dark howls from the netherworld.


 “Chachacha...”


 The pitch-black sword beams pierced through the sea of flames that shrouded the sky. The sounds of the mix between burning and tearing were even more ear-piercing and heart-stabbing than the sounds of space being torn. However, Xuanyuan Wentian’s power far surpassed Feng Xue’er’s and the Little Demon Empress’. Though half the pitch-black sword beams was burnt away, the Phoenix flames and Golden Crow flames were utterly tattered by the slash. When Xuanyuan Wentian smashed out his second sword strike, the black light erupted fiercely amidst the collapsing sea of flames.


 Feng Xue’er and the the Little Demon Empress groaned at the same time and they were ruthlessly blown away by the immense darkness energy, their protective profound auras barely a step away from being shattered. Before they could even regain their senses, their surroundings suddenly flashed with black light and space was speedily being locked amidst its distortion. Two curtains of black light gathered right after, tightly entangling their two bodies, instantly extinguishing the flames on their bodies.


 Darkness Prisons!!


 However, Xuanyuan Wentian did not take this opportunity to continue attacking. Not spare them another moment’s concern, he charged straight towards Yun Che with surging killing intent.


 “Big Brother Yun!!” Feng Xue’er paled from shock. She and the Little Demon Empress were both basically unable to block Xuanyuan Wentian’s attacks, let alone Yun Che himself.


 Little Demon Empress, “!!”


 The Little Demon Empress struggled in the Darkness Prison with all her might. On her forehead, the Golden Crow imprint shone, releasing an eye-piercing golden radiance. The extinguished Golden Crow flames on her body fiercely ignited and after a loud “bang,” she forcefully shook off the dark cage.


 Having escaped from the cage, the Little Demon Empress gathered the flames on her entire body into her two hands. A gigantic sword made out of golden flames stretched out into the empty sky as it fiercely slashed towards Xuanyuan Wentian’s back.


 “Golden Annihilation” possessed absolute annihilation energy; even someone as strong as Xuanyuan Wentian would definitely be injured if he was directly struck with it. The Little Demon Empress did not expect that this would heavily injure Xuanyuan Wentian in the least, rather, she wanted to force him to turn around and defend or evade it.


 However, as though he did not sense it in the slightest, Xuanyuan Wentian did not have any intention to dodge it or turn around to defend himself as he continued to charge straight towards Yun Che. Black aura surged from the Eternal Night Devil Sword and then it swiftly stabbed forward. “ Yun Che... Die!!”


 A gigantic pitch-black sword beam was shot out of the sword tip, ripping open a dark spatial passageway as it shot towards Yun Che while carrying an annihilative might.


 The moment this sword beam shot out, even the crowd that was separated by a layer of the protection barrier several dozen kilometers away was able to feel the extremely terrifying hell-like winds and the presence of death.


 Xiao Yun and the rest widened their eyes as they let out terrified roars. Even Yun Qinghong’s pupils had shrunk.


 “Big Brother Yun!!” Amidst an explosive noise, Feng Xue’er also forcefully shook out of the Darkness Prison. However, she was basically unable to stop it in time. She helplessly watched as the dark sword beam approached Yun Che’s chest.


 The extremely thick, dark pressure and presence of death made Yun Che feel as if his body had fallen into a cave of ice. He retreated with all his strength and the profound energy in his entire body was even being unleashed in a crazed manner.


 “Sealing Cloud Locking Sun!”


 The Evil God barrier expanded but that presence of death still closed in with incomparable clarity.


 Not enough...


 Yun Che’s eyes sharpened. A beam from the cyan colored profound handle shot out from his arm and met with the pitch-black sword beam. At the same time, the flames on his body instantly turned into blue light. As he quickly retreated, several dozens of Trees of Frozen End quickly grew beneath his feet and in between them, there were even thick ice walls, numbering in the high hundreds.


 When it came to destructive power, the Frozen End Divine Arts were far weaker than the Phoenix flames and Golden Crow flames. However, if it was pure defense, the Frozen End Divine Arts carried an enormous advantage.


 Boom!!!


 With a loud reverberation, the beams from the profound handle and dark sword ruthlessly collided against each other, causing the profound handle to directly scattered apart in an instant. The dark sword beam, carrying the nether howls of death, continued to speed forward as it blasted apart all of the Trees of Frozen End and ice walls amidst consecutive shattering noises.


 After piercing through all of the layers of ice, the dark sword beam had already been reduced to half of its former size, yet it was still releasing an incomparably terrifying pressure as it ruthlessly smashed onto Yun Che’s body.


 An extremely shrill screeching sounded. Countless cracks surfaced on the Evil God barrier before it directly shattered. The dark sword light beam had also collapsed immediately after but the shockwave of its energy had still swept onto Yun Che’s body, blasting him far away.


 Though the dark sword beam had broken apart, its immortal sword intent enveloped Yun Che within, instantly slicing hundreds of scars on Yun Che’s body. Yun Che speedily ignited the Phoenix flames, extinguishing all of these terrifying sword intents... And at the same time, the Little Demon Empress’ “Golden Annihilation” had ruthlessly smashed onto Xuanyuan Wentian’s back.


 Under the golden flames, the ferocious and terrifying darkness devil aura on Xuanyuan Wentian’s body was easily sliced apart. The golden beam wildly expanded, annihilating all of his defensive capabilities as it fiercely exploded on Xuanyuan Wentian’s back.


 Xuanyuan Wentian let out a scream. Blood spattered from his back and the crimson black blood that flew out was completely annihilated by the Golden Crow flames. A pungent burnt smell quickly suffused into the air and his entire body was ruthlessly sent flying like a cannonball.


 However, the Eternal Night Devil Sword in Xuanyuan Wentian’s hand suddenly slipped off and flew out, shooting out a sword beam that carried a rumbling black aura which pierced towards the Little Demon Empress.


 The remnants of the golden flames were unable to block the Eternal Night Devil Sword’s terrifying sword light beam and the veil of fire was instantly penetrated through. Though the Little Demon Empress had dodged, the dark sword beam still pierced into her left arm. The Little Demon Empress instantly let out a painful groan and her body retreated several tens of meters, stains of bright red blood flowing down her left arm and lips.


 However, she paid her injuries no mind and had even fiercely unleashed all of her profound energy, ignoring the consequences of intensely worsening her injuries. A gigantic fire lotus of pure gold bloomed explosively underneath, releasing a golden light comparable to the sun as it drew towards the descending Xuanyuan Wentian.


 On the other side, Feng Xue’er’s Phoenix flame energy had also fully exploded forth. Above the dome of flames, a crimson red lotus proudly bloomed, stacking a thousand layers of petals that filled the space of several kilometers in the blink of an eye. Carrying might that could scorch the sky and raze the ground, it then started to envelope Xuanyuan Wentian and in the moment of its approach, all of the flaming petals instantly drawing in.


 Two divine flame lotuses that were at the absolute limits of this world—the Purgatory Fire Lotus of the Golden Crow’s Record of the Burning World below and the Star Scorching Demon Lotus of the World Ode of the Phoenix above—converged together amidst the dazzling flaming light, heartlessly burying Xuanyuan Wentian within.


 Boom———
Ñøv€l-B1n was the first platform to present this chapter.

 Two extremely gorgeous flaming lotuses exploded forth an indescribable terrifyingly catastrophic power at the same time and the energy tornadoes that were birthed ruthlessly blew away Yun Che, who had just managed to gather his breath after being attacked by Xuanyuan Wentian.


 The explosive sounds of the flaming lotuses shook the earth. The inside of Demon Imperial City however, was dead silent. Everyone had their mouths wide open, their eyes staring unblinkingly straight, as they suspected if they were dreaming. Other than the endless fiery radiance, nothing else could be seen in their line of sight.


 Buried by these two most terrifying flaming lotuses in the world, even if it was a peerless expert as strong as Huangji Wuyu and Qu Fengyi, he or she would be completely burnt into nothingness in a short span of time, without the least bit of logic of survival. However, the Little Demon Empress’ and Feng Xue’er’s expressions did not relax in the slightest. The flames on their bodies intensely burned and their open hands were maintaining the power of the flame lotuses with all their might.


 Because at the center of the two flaming lotuses, the terrifying darkness aura did not burn to death but was struggling wildly... and his struggle was growing even more vigorous.


 Bang!!


 A ray of black light suddenly pierced through the fire lotuses, shooting out like a laser. Following after were two... five... dozens. The Little Demon Empress’s and Feng Xue’er’s expressions sank. The flames on their bodies once again surged as they suppressed those dozens streaks of black light with great difficulty.


 The darkness aura that had once again been suppressed by the divine might of the two world scorching fire lotuses had seemingly reached its limits; its struggle suddenly began to weaken and slowly turned silent. However, before the Little Demon Empress and Feng Xue’er could heave short sighs of relief, a thunder-like roar rang through the empty air and also within their souls.


 Like an awakened primordial vile beast which had stayed dormant for ten thousand years, a streak of black light fiercely exploded forth with the two converged flaming lotuses as the center. Darkness instantly overwhelmed the eye-scorching flaming light, spreading across the entire sky and earth. The two world scorching flaming lotus shattered into millions of fiery fragments at the same time, scattering onto the surrounding crater-filled land. 

 As though they were smashed by a mace originating from the depths of purgatory, Feng Xue’er and the Little Demon Empress suffered grave injuries throughout their bodies and were sent flying back like residual leaves amidst the dark tornadoes.The flawless rainbow dress and the fiery red phoenix dress were instantly dyed red in blood.


 Xuanyuan Wentian, who had smashed apart the two divine flaming lotuses, was charred black throughout his entire body but the darkness aura on his body was still as terrifying as a Devil God’s. He let out a loud arrogant laugh. “To actually think of killing this sovereign with just you lot... What a foolish dream! Hahahaha...”


 At that instant he broke away from the flaming lotuses, Yun Che’s figure had penetrated through layers of dark tornadoes like a meteor, arriving behind him. With all of his strength gathered onto the Heaven Smiting Devil Slayer Sword, he smashed towards Xuanyuan Wentian.


 “Destroying Sky Decimating Earth!!!”


 Boom——


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s loud laughter ground to a halt. Before the roars of the dark tornadoes had even scattered, another loud reverberation akin to profound thunder from the Ninth Heaven resounded when the Heaven Smiting Devil Sword solidly smashed onto Xuanyuan Wentian’s back... Xuanyuan Wentian’s body fiercely sank. No matter how strong his abilities were, he had just forcefully broken out of the burial of two great flaming lotuses and his darkness profound energy was emptied for a short moment. He was unable to completely block against the sword strike which carried Yun Che’s full might.


 The sword directly smashed into Xuanyuan Wentian’s body and the vermilion blade embedded a full inch into his back.


 “Guaaaaaah!!”


 Like a wild beast in despair, Xuanyuan Wentian released a roar from the pain brought by the damage caused the Heaven Smiting Devil Slayer Sword. His eyes suddenly released a terrifying black glow and the muscles on his back bulged up layer upon layer, fiercely exploding right after. Several dozen streaks of blood shot up to thirty meters and the incomparably large and terrifying darkness energy shook onto the Heaven Smiting Devil Slayer Sword and Yun Che’s body.


 Yun Che let out a groan and the Heaven Smiting Devil Slayer Sword had even almost slipped out of his hands. His entire being was like a kite which had its string snapped off; he was sent flying far away while trailing a long stream of blood behind him.


 “This sovereign... will shatter your corpse into a thousand pieces!!” Xuanyuan Wentian’s back was mashed with blood and flesh; a long crimson red glow was deeply printed onto his back. The torturous pain stimulated his rage and madness and like a wild beast with all its instincts ignited. He charged towards Yun Che amidst his screaming.


 “!!!” The Little Demon Empress had just stopped her body when she saw this scene that tremendously shook her body and heart. She no longer bothered with her injuries as she rose into the skies with all her might, blocking Xuanyuan Wentian’s path. Several dozen Golden Crow flames hurriedly ignited, meeting Xuanyuan Wentian’s charge.


 Not only was the Little Demon Empress injured both internally and externally, the backlash from the shattered flaming lotus had even messed up the profound energy in her entire body. The might of the Golden Crow flames she smashed out was far weaker than before, so how could she possibly block against Xuanyuan Wentian, whose strength was merely weakened by an insignificant amount, albeit having taken damage?


 Xuanyuan Wentian swept his hand which was wrapped in black aura and a large pitch-black hand stretched out from empty air, instantly engulfing all of the Golden Crow flames. The Little Demon Empress’ eyes turned ice-cold as she pushed herself to condense Golden Annihilation in her two hands and slashed onto that pitch-black palm.


 “Pfft.”


 With a dull sound, the golden flames were directly scattered. The Little Demon Empress’ expression paled as she spat out a streak of blood. Her consciousness instantly fell apart and her petite and frail body powerlessly fell to the bottom.

