

Chapter 1522 - Dead End, Dead Love (2)

 Everyone looked surprised.


 At this level, everyone knew what the “Brahma Soul Bell” was, not to mention that they had personally tasted the impossible power of Qianye Ying’er. She was undoubtedly the pride of the Brahma Monarch God Realm, and considering how far she had come even before she was a thousand years old, her future could very well lie further than even Qianye Fantian’s!


 However, the Brahma Heaven God Emperor... had used the Brahma Soul Bell!


 The golden aura erupting from Qianye Ying’er just now was her Brahma God origin power! It was going to leave her body!


 “God... God emperor!” Forget the others, even the Brahma Kings behind Qianye Fantian were at a loss seeing their god emperor’s action.


 “A few years ago, Ying’er did something to Yun Che for her own selfish purposes. Although nothing came out of it in the end, what was done couldn’t be forgotten.” Qianye Fantian looked so calm it was as if he was talking about another person’s business.


 "Moreover, Yun Che was the only one who could keep the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor in check back then, so when Ying’er was forced to accept a slave imprint from Yun Che, this king had no choice but to accept. Half of it was atonement for my sins, and the other half was sacrifice for the peace of the Brahma Monarch God Realm.”


 “...” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor looked like he wanted to say something, but in the end he chose to keep his silence.


 “But now that we know that Yun Che is a devil person...” Qianye Fantian half-narrowed his eyes and said, “I would rather destroy my daughter than to allow her associate with a devil!”


 Before the crowd could react to his words, he actually looked at the Southern Sea God Emperor and smiled. “However, Southern Sea God Emperor, it is true that Ying’er’s power is forged using the Brahma God’s divine power as the foundation, but her potential is still excellent to say the least. She will lose all of her profound art, of course, but she will retain a sizable amount of her profound energy. More importantly...”


 “Ying’er cultivated an independent ‘Brahma Soul’ just like me, and her slave imprint is embedded inside her Brahma Soul!”


 “... !” Xia Qingyue furrowed her brows deeply when she heard this, but her expression quickly returned to normal in the next moment.


 “Hmm?” The Southern Sea God Emperor raised his eyebrows for a short moment as confusion gripped him. Then, he suddenly realized Qianye Fantian’s meaning and laughed like a madman, “Hahahaha! Brahma Heaven God Emperor... What a Brahma Heaven God Emperor! You’ve made a wise, no, a perfect choice! This king is growing to like you more and more, hahahahaha!”


 “I hope that our realms will never become enemies,” Qianye Fantian said smilingly.


 “Of course,” the Southern Sea God Emperor said with a laugh.


 “Ah... aaah...” Meanwhile, Qianye Ying’er had been brought to her knees. She was completely immobilized, and her golden aura grew dimmer every time it flashed.


 “Restrain her!” Qianye Fantian said.


 “Yes, Your Highness!” The eighth Brahma King received the order and moved forwards. He raised his palm and dropped a cover of profound energy on Qianye Ying’er... However, Qianye Ying’er was losing her Brahma God divine power, and her profound energy appeared to be completely out of control. It was impossible for her to pose a threat to anyone. That was why the restriction power he placed Qianye Ying’er was inattentive at best. Most of his focus was on Yun Che himself.


 Everyone wanted to see Yun Che’s end with their own eyes... an ending that was destined to be ironic and regretful.


 “What are you waiting for!?” the Dragon Monarch said again.


 “Wait!”


 The Eternal Heaven God Emperor cried out suddenly. He looked like he hadn’t recovered from the discovery that Yun Che was a devil person, judging from how deathly pale he looked. He let out a sigh and said, “Yun Che may be a devil, but he did save the world. So...”


 “Are you telling us to let him go?” The Southern Sea God Emperor cut him off strongly before he could finish. “Devils are the heretics of the world and seeds of misfortune that cannot be allowed to exist! It’s true that he saved the world, but it’s also obvious that he’s filled with hatred right now. He’s the successor of the Heretic God’s power, and his future is unpredictable. If we let him live, he may become a calamity that’s even greater than the Evil Infant.”


 “Your moment of mercy might end up planting the seeds of calamity, Eternal Heaven God Emperor.”


 “The Southern Sea God Emperor is correct.” Honorable Tai Yu nodded.


 “That is not what I’m asking for.” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor sounded powerless as he spoke, “His cultivation can be broken, and his profound veins can be destroyed... but please, spare his life.”


 “Heh... hehe...” Yun Che slowly raised his head despite the pressure sitting on his person. His bloodstained lips were curled into a sneer. “I thank you for your benevolence... god emperor!!”


 “...” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor averted his gaze.


 “I agree with the Eternal Heaven God Emperor’s suggestion,” Shrouding Sky Realm King Lu Zhou said with a sigh.


 “Absolutely not!” Holy Eaves Realm King Luo Shangchen rebuked harshly, “A weed must be cut completely, or it’ll only renew itself.”


 “Hmph! If it wasn’t for him, you wouldn’t even have the chance to ‘cut’ this weed,” Lu Zhou said in a low tone.


 “What did you say? Is the the Holy Eaves Realm aligning itself with a devil person?” Luo Shangchen said coldly. Both his sister Luo Guxie and his son Luo Changsheng hated Yun Che to the bones. His reaction was nothing to be surprised at.


 “...” Luo Zhou gritted his teeth but stayed quiet. No one could afford to be associated with devils.


 “Hehe, the Eternal Heaven God Emperor is benevolent and merciful. This king actually agrees with your alternative, however.” Qianye Fantian’s words surprised everyone. He continued, “He may be a devil person, but he did save the world, so I suppose we can make an exception.”


 It almost sounded too good to be true.


 “However... he must first surrender the Sky Poison Pearl and the Heretic God’s divine power!” Qianye Fantian said with a smile, “There’d be nothing left to be worried about after that.”


 Everyone’s gaze turned as sharp as needles when they heard of the “Sky Poison Pearl” and the “Heretic God divine power”.


 “You truly are the Brahma Heaven God Emperor. That greed will probably be a permanent stain on your personality!”


 Finally, Xia Qingyue spoke up against Qianye Fantian. With a half smile on her face, she said, “Ignoring the fact that we know nothing about the Sky Poison Pearl’s master selection process, or if it’s even possible to ‘surrender’ the Heretic God’s divine power, how can you be sure that both objects will fall into your hands? I’m afraid this delusion could very well result in a river of blood across the entire God Realm.”


 Everyone’s gazes fell on Xia Qingyue. Some were different from the other.


 Xia Qingyue and Yun Che used to be husband and wife. She had escaped with Yun Che and abandoned Yue Wuya back at the Moon God Realm, and she was the mastermind behind Qianye Ying’er’s slave imprint... Everyone here knew about this.


 “Oh?” Qianye Fantian smiled at her. “This king is truly impressed that you were able to endure until now, Moon God Emperor.”


 “Really?” Xia Qingyue smiled right back. “Are you expecting something, Brahma Heaven God Emperor?”


 “Hahahaha.” The Brahma Heaven God Emperor laughed loudly, but a well concealed darkness flashed across his eyes in that moment. He would never forget that the biggest shame in his life was caused by this woman. “This king is looking forward to seeing how the wise Moon God Emperor is going to defend the devil person Yun Che, of course!”


 Qianye Fantian’s words echoed the thoughts of many people.


 “Defend Yun Che?” Xia Qingyue smiled and shot him an open, scornful stare. “To think that the Brahma Heaven God Emperor would say something so naive. No wonder the Brahma Monarch God Realm has been declining recently!”


 “...” Qianye Fantian looked surprised for a moment.


 “Pity, greed, whatever. Everyone has a reason to keep him alive,” Xia Qingyue said indifferently. “But not me. Killing him is my only choice... and this king must be the blade that cuts him down.”


 “Oh?” Qianye Fantian looked at her curiously. He obviously didn’t believe her one bit. “Very well. If you truly wish to kill him yourself, this king obviously isn’t going to try to stop you. But you better not disappoint us, Moon God Emperor...”


 Shiink!!


 But before Qianye Fantian could even finish speaking, a purple beam suddenly appeared in Xia Qingyue’s hand. It was a sword about seven feet long, and its body looked like it was made of veluriyam. It was covered in purple light, and the invisible pressure it exuded surpassed even the god emperors.


 “The Purple Pylon Divine Sword!” the realm kings exclaimed in surprise.


 The blade slashed horizontally and left behind a purple arc that persisted for a very long time When the tip of the sword was pointed at Yun Che’s head... the Purple Pylyon Divine Sword’s power suddenly surrounded him.


 In that instant, the profound energy suppressing Yun Che was destroyed and replaced by something that was countless times more powerful.


 Not even a billion Yun Ches could survive the combined power of a god emperor and a god emperor’s sword.


 Xia Qingyue said slowly under everyone’s shocked gaze, “This king has cut all ties with Yun Che in the past, but we were husband and wife, and that old bond had prompted me to invest much effort in him. However, that’s before I learned that he’s a devil person today! He’s a mark of shame to this king and the Moon God Realm!”


 “This shame can only be cleansed by his death in my hands!”


 Her eyes turned murderous and chilly in an instant.


 Qianye Fantian tugged at his lips, but his smile immediately froze when Xia Qingyue’s killing intent hit him. He couldn’t sense any falsehood from her, and her Purple Pylon divine power had grown to an unbelievable level. He abruptly frowned and turned serious, “Wait! You can’t seriously be... He can’t die yet!”


 “Heh!” Xia Qingyue sneered at him. “Brahma Heaven God Emperor, it’s true I can’t protect him today, but the opposite is equally true! No one can stop me from killing him! You may as well give up.”


 “You...” Qianye Fantian took a step forward, but didn’t move further. She was right. At their level, killing a Divine King was the matter of a mere thought. If she truly had set her mind to kill Yun Che, then there was no one who could truly stop her.


 “The Moon God Emperor is correct,” The Dragon Monarch said slowly and emotionlessly. Strangely, he sounded a little tired for some reason. “Even if we can extract the Sky Poison Pearl and the Heretic God’s divine power from him, it would only result in endless strife and greed.”
The birth of this content finds its genesis in Nøv€lß¡n★

 “Everyone here is a witness to the fact that Yun Che is a devil person. There are many things we can make an exception for, but a devil person isn’t one of them. As the former wife of a devil person, it is equally true that the Moon God Emperor can only cleanse this shame by killing him with her own hands... In that case, we will allow the Moon God Emperor to end this right here and now.”


 The Dragon Monarch looked away completely and turned his back towards Yun Che after that.


 “...” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor closed his eyes. He looked beaten, but his mind was in turmoil. The Dragon Monarch had spoken, and nothing could change what was going to happen no matter what.


 Yun Che slowly looked up and looked into Xia Qingyue’s eyes. They glowed deep purple like a pair of beautiful, dreamy stars.


 He didn’t say anything. He didn’t believe that Xia Qingyue would kill him either... Even when his mind was clouded by the darkness profound energy, the thought of borrowing Xia Qingyue’s power never crossed his mind. After all, no matter how out of his mind and hateful he was, he subconsciously didn’t want to drag Xia Qingyue into his mess.


 But why did her eyes look so cold? And this killing intent... it felt like a real blade pressing against the deepest part of his lifeline, heart, and soul.


 “Yun Che,” she said indifferently, “This king admits that she’s partly responsible for this situation you’re in, but you are a devil person. You understand why I have to merciless, don’t you? But don’t worry, we were husband and wife. This king promises to annihilate you completely!”


 “Think on what you should do after you’ve reached the underworld!”


 “Now... die!”

