

Chapter 1470 - Arriving at the Brahma Monarch Realm

 “Royal Father, to think that you would actually get so angry because of that old man Southern Sea, this is so rare.”


 At some point of time, Qianye Ying’er had appeared in the temple, or perhaps she had always been there... After all, she had managed to perfectly conceal her presence from even Jasmine before.


 “How can I not be angry?” Qianye Fantian found it hard to quell his rage, “If he was not able to poke at my weakness, why would he personally rush here all the way from the Southern Divine Region?”


 “All these years, we have been secretly competing for second place among the king realms with the Southern Sea but no one has truly been able to suppress the other. Now that we have lost the Three Brahma Gods, how could he not jump at the opportunity to kick us while we’re down?”


 “Royal Father, don’t worry,” Qianye Yinger coolly replied. “This is the Eastern Divine Region. It won’t be so easy for him to extend his tentacles here. Also that old man Southern Sea is merely trash who will die on top of a woman sooner or later. He’s not worthy of such anger from Royal Father. Hmph, and he’s even less worthy of coming near me, Qianye Ying’er.”


 “No,” Qianye Fantian slowly shook his head however, “Ying’er, you must remember these words. You have never met the true Southern Sea God Emperor, the part of him that he shows you is not his true self. He is smitten with you and allows you to order him around only because he is willing to let it happen.”


 “It was also because this was the only way he could get close to you and obtain you. But right now, he’s found an even better method! We have no choice but to carefully consider this matter.”
The origin of this chapter's debut can be traced to N0v3l--B1n.

 “Ha, what a joke.” Qianye Ying’er coldly laughed, “With just him alone? He better be joking. If he really pisses me off, I will make him understand the consequences of his actions, even if he is the Southern Sea God Emperor.”


 The one who understood Qianye Ying’er the best in this world was undoubtedly Qianye Fantian. And Qianye Fantian was also the one who understood the Southern Sea God Emperor the best. He lowered his voice and said, “Let me say this again, don’t compare Nan Wansheng to your other previous toys. As the number one god emperor in the Southern Divine Region, his schemes and methods will definitely not be inferior to anyone else in this universe.”


 “So, what have you gained from your trip to the Snow Song Realm?” Qianye Ying’er asked.


 “No good news.” Qianye Fantian slowly took a few slight breaths and more or less suppressed his anger before he frowned and said, “Let’s not discuss this matter for the time being. Before I left the Snow Song Realm, Yun Che suddenly brought up the suggestion of helping me cleanse away the Evil Infant devilish energy by himself, and he also said that he could visit the Brahma Monarch God Realm along the way... Ying’er what do you think his intentions are?”


 “Because of me?” A strange light slightly flashed in Qianye Ying’er’s golden pupils.


 “I’ve thought about it the whole way and other than that, there can be no other reason.” Qianye Fantian said, “Back then, you planted the Brahma Soul Death-Wishing Mark on him and that formed an irreconcilable grudge between the two of you. Even if he ended up safe and sound in the end, he will definitely not be able to forget this matter. Now that he has the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor as his backing, what do you think he will do?”


 Qianye Ying’er smiled coldly. Not only was she not worried, but rather her slightly upturned lips were full of contempt and disdain, “So you think it’s possible that he could order the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor to kill me? Even if he could, a person who needs to borrow the strength of others to take revenge and show off his might can only be rubbish even if he inherited the strength of a Creation God! Do you think he would be worthy of my fear and apprehension?”


 “Royal Father, you should tell me more about the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor, I’m much more interested in that. As for Yun Che... “ Qianye Ying’er’s golden pupils narrowed slightly, “He’d better come!”


 .............


 “We’re almost there,” Xia Qingyue said as she looked at the star region outside.


 “Where are we going exactly?”


 “Brahma Monarch God Realm!” Xia Qingyue’s aura shook slightly, a purple light flashed across her devastatingly beautiful eyes.


 “As expected.” Yun Che replied thoughtfully, “Did you ask me to say those words to Qianye Fantian because of this?”


 “When we get to the Brahma Monarch God Realm, you only need to do one thing.” Xia Qingyue looked at the space outside the profound ark fly past them as she gently said, “Like the last time, use your light profound energy to cleanse Qianye Fantian of the Evil Infant devilish energy. Don’t think of anything else and do not have any unnecessary thoughts or make any unnecessary movements. Other than that, when you are cleansing him of the devilish energy, don’t use your full strength but don’t be too obvious about it either. An effectiveness of about seventy to eighty percent will do.”


 “Just these things?”


 “That’s right!”


 “Alright.” Yun Che nodded, although he did not have a clue about what Xia Qingyue wanted to do, he did not ask any further. Just as Xia Qingyue said, if he knew too much, it would surely be on his mind and would result in him exposing their plan... Just what kind of a person was Qianye Fantian? No mistakes could be made in front of him.


 “You are really not going to ask me anything more about it?” Yun Che agreed so readily that it actually slightly surprised Xia Qingyue instead.


 “Trust is a must between a husband and wife,” Yun Che said beamingly


 “Childish.” He originally thought that Xia Qingyue would be at least a little touched, but instead, she indifferently delivered a single word to him.


 Yun Che could not take this, “So it’s still my fault even when I trust you!?”


 “Don’t easily trust anyone... anyone.” Her voice was gentle, but he did not know why she repeated her words.


 “Does this include you?” Yun Che inclined his eyes towards her.


 “Yes,” Xia Qingyue replied without hesitation, “Yun Che, you are not an ordinary person. The world you have to face is so much more complicated than an ordinary person. You can’t afford to trust others so easily.”


 “Alright, alright, alright, I understand.” Xia Qingyue took on the disposition of a senior to lecture him yet again. Yun Che grimaced as Huo Poyun’s figure flashed past him and he immediately let out an involuntary sigh, “Trust is indeed something that is very extravagant because it can be broken too easily, and once it is broken, even if it was broken just once, it can never be fully mended again.”


 Xia Qingyue, “...”


 “Because of my past experience, I find it extremely hard to truly trust someone. This is the one thing that you really don’t need to worry about when it comes to me. But I have to make an exception for my wives, parents, and daughter, right?” Yun Che concentrated on Xia Qingyue’s profile without looking away for a long time and gave a half-hearted smile.


 Daughter... Xia Qingyue’s brows twitched violently at that flippant word that came from Yun Che’s mouth.


 “How old is your and Senior Master Yuechan’s daughter?” Xia Qingyue asked.


 “Fourteen years old. In one and a half years time, she will be an adult. About the same age as when you married me back then.” Yun Che could not resist sighing, “Time passes so quickly.”


 “What is her name?” Xia Qingyue asked.


 “Yun Wuxin,” Yun Che replied. “That name was given to her by her mother. Speaking of which, when I met her for the first time back then, I had no idea that she was my daughter and even made fun of her name.”


 Xia Qingyue silently looked at him from the corner of her eye and observed Yun Che’s current expression. When his daughter was mentioned, his tone, facial expression, and the color between his eyebrows changed drastically. Even though Xia Qingyue was not facing him, she could feel a sense of incomparable gentleness, warmth, and pride coming from him.


 “You... should not have children,” Xia Qingyue said in an incomparably soft voice. Each word was charged with extremely complicated emotions.


 Yun Che’s forehead creased deeply, surprised that Xia Qingyue would actually say something like that, “Why?”


 “You value relationships too much, that is your weakness.” Xia Qingyue slowly continued, “Having a daughter softens your heart, scatters your determination, and will affect your decisions. It will take away your edge and increase your worries, you will have an extra big weakness.”


 Yun Che was slightly stunned but he laughed after that and said, “What you said is correct. I too sensed that my temperament has indeed changed because of Wuxin. But to me, Wuxin is not only the most important family I have in this life, but she is also my source of strength.”


 “It’s also because of Wuxin... and a matter that I don’t want to recall, that I made a promise to her to become the number one in this universe, so that she would not have to face any more dangers or be bullied anymore. This is also another motive for returning to the God Realm... Even though I was forced to return a little earlier than I wanted.” Yun Che looked into the distance and sighed, “If I succeed in resolving the calamity of the devil gods, I will commit the rest of my time here in the God Realm to cultivation. Senior Jie Yuan understands the strength of the Heretic God very well and if she is able to give me some pointers, it will be extremely beneficial for me to aid me in entering the next realm.”


 Yun Che smiled slightly, “A promise from a father to his daughter can never be broken.”


 “It won’t be in time,” Xia Qingyue softly replied. “The Eternal Heaven Divine Realm can no longer be opened. No matter how great your innate skill is or how fast you are able to cultivate, it won’t be in time...”


 “Won’t be in time? Won’t be in time for what?”


 “Everyone knows that you possess the strength of the Heretic God. Only you possess the strength of a Creation God and they all know that if you continue to grow in strength, you will likely dominate all creation. If the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor were to continuously protect you, you would be able to grow stronger safely. But, if you lose that protection... they will never ever allow a person who may dominate them in the future to grow stronger, never ever.”


 “This is also why we must find you another talisman. Then, even if the worst case scenario happens, it is only with the protection of the Eternal Heaven Realm, the Moon God Realm, and this protective talisman that you can remain safe.”


 Yun Che frowned again, he looked at Xia Qingyue’s profile and suddenly asked, “Qingyue, why do I feel... that you seem very convinced that the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor will take away her protection over me? Why are you so worried about this?”


 “I don’t know.” Xia Qingyue closed her eyes, “I’ve just been feeling uneasy recently... an unease like never before.”


 “If only I knew the reason for it,” Xia Qingyue said in a voice so soft that only she could hear it.


 Yun Che, “...?”


 Xia Qingyue turned her small head, her long hair dragging along and said, “You can think of it as me making much ado about nothing. I, too, wish that those ‘extremely small possibilities’ will not happen and I hope that you can safely grow to the heights that you have promised your daughter. I also hope that this protective talisman that I’m procuring for you is something that can’t be easily thrown aside.”


 “Ugh...” Yun Che’s lifted his hand to touch his lower jaw.


 He was still grumbling about the last time when Xia Qingyue left without saying a word. This time, on the contrary, Xia Qingyue talked about many things. But... most of them were very strange.


 It seems that this worry was without reason?


 Yun Che had always rather believed the warnings of the soul. But that was a natural defensive reaction of the body and soul right before danger arrived. And it was developed after experiencing many life and death situations... To any other person, Xia Qingyue’s worries were without rhyme or reason and they were exceedingly unlikely to come to pass. But looking at her, it seemed that she truly believed in this completely unfounded worry of hers.


 Although Xia Qingyue had very coldly said that she was only making use of Yun Che to attain her goals, and that the “protective talisman” was something that was thrown in after she had finished making use of him, her later words exposed that this “protective talisman” was actually her true motive.


 “Erm...” Yun Che was lost in thoughts.


 “We here!”


 Following Xia Qingyue’s soft words, an enormous star realm appeared in Yun Che’s vision and it seemed to be swiftly getting close.


 At the same time, the surrounding aura and air abruptly changed simultaneously. The profound ark that was passing through was slightly rocked. It was as if it had been rubbed by thousands of pieces of sandpaper as it started giving off sharp piercing sounds.


 “This is?” Even Yun Che who was in the profound ark could sense an extremely violent aura.


 “Let’s go!” Without explaining, Xia Qingyue appeared by Yun Che’s side in a flash. After that, she grabbed his arm and brought him to the Brahma Monarch God Realm that was right in front of them.


 .............


 Brahma Heaven Temple.


 “So it seems that the true disaster is yet to come?” Qianye Ying’er’s golden brows knitted as she said in a low voice, “Close to a hundred primordial devil gods...”


 Anyone who heard this news would be shocked.


 “Our last hope still lies in Yun Che.” Qianye Fantian lowered his voice, “But, it’s clear that this hope is miniscule. After all, Yun Che is only a mortal who inherited the strength of the Heretic God. He will not be able to affect the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor’s decisions to a large extent. So, we have to make preparations for a large calamity... What we should plan now are ways to survive this large calamity.”


 At this moment, the voice of the Brahma Monarch Divine Envoy came from outside the temple, “Reporting to the god emperor, Yun Che has arrived.”


 He had already instructed them to inform him the moment Yun Che arrived.


 Both Qianye Fantian and Qianye Ying’er turned their heads at the same time.


 “So quickly?” Qianye Fantian muttered in a low voice before asking, “Is he alone?”


 “No, the one he came with... was confirmed to be the Moon God Emperor just now!”


 “Mn?” Qianye Fantian frowned, this was clearly beyond his expectations.


 “Xia Qingyue?” Qianye Ying’er narrowed her eyes, a dangerous golden light twinkling in them, “Yun Che and Xia Qingyue truly are here for me.”


 “Yun Che is easily irritable but I did not know that Xia Qingyue was too. Did I think too highly of her?” Qianye Ying’er let out a cold snort, “Hmph, that’s fine. I would like to see what they can do to me even with a Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor to back them up!”

