

Chapter 896 - Hope (1)

  

 Illusory Demon Realm, Demon Imperial City, Yun household.


 After Yun Che was sent into Golden Crow Lightning Flame Valley, it had been nearly a month since there was any contact. The Yun household was enveloped with an incomparably suppressive atmosphere this entire time. The Little Demon Empress and Feng Xue’er would make a visit to Golden Crow Lightning Flame Valley every single day but forget about obtaining information, they couldn’t even enter it.


 As time elapsed, the tense atmosphere that filled Demon Imperial City grew even heavier. The various great patriarchs and dukes were anxious and nervous. All of their forces were kept in a nervous state where they could be dispatched for war at any moment if needed, all day long.


 Because with every passing day, it would be a day nearer to the date Xuanyuan Wentian was going to make his reappearance.


 Maintaining this heavy burden on the body and mind for several days was still manageable. However, this situation continued for such a long time and before Xuanyuan Wentian had even arrived, Demon Imperial City was already crumbling. Even the wills of the profound practitioners who had sworn to protect the city to their deaths, were quickly wearing away as well.


 In the sky right above the Yun residence, following after a few spatial ripples, the Primordial Profound Ark, which had crossed more than four million kilometers, quietly appeared.


 “Senior, Ling’er, this is the imperial city of the Illusory Demon Realm and right below us is my home.” Yun Che introduced the place to Su Ling’er and Yun Gu, while the waves in his heart endlessly surged.


 He stayed in Golden Crow Lightning Flame Valley for more than half a month and he had even made a stop at the Azure Cloud Continent for about a dozen days. They had to be worried to death by now.


 Furthermore, they definitely would not be able to guess just what he had experienced in these few days.


 “Such a huge city, its ends can’t even be seen with a single glance.” Su Ling’er sighed out of curiosity, yet anxiety was what filled her heart the most. Because she was immediately about to meet Yun Che’s biological parents and...


 “The aura of this place is greatly different from the Azure Cloud Continent. I never expected that while I was still alive, I would be fortunate enough to visit a new land.”


 Since he had already arrived, Yun Gu accepted everything with incomparable calm as well.


 “Senior, Ling’er, trust me. You two will definitely come to like this place really quickly,” Yun Che said with a smile. Then, he took in some air and a roar that came from the depths of his lungs resounded far and wide,“Grandfather! Father! Mother! Little Aunt! Xiao Yun! Caiyi! Yue’er! Xue’er... I’m back!!”


 Yun Che’s loud roar instantly stirred a thousand layers of waves within the Yun residence, which had been cast with low spirits for a long while.


 The noises of doors being fiercely pushed open, clashed with one another.


 “Little Che!!”


 “Husband!!”


 Cang Yue and Xiao Lingxi who were in the hall charged out and they saw Yun Che who was presently descending from the skies. Yun Che looked at the two of them and with widespread arms, he said with a large smile, “Lingxi, Yue’er, why are you two still standing there? Hurry and throw yourselves into my arms.”


 Cang Yue and Lingxi, with each on the left and right, pounced towards Yun Che’s chest. Xiao Lingxi’s emotions burst out from all the yearning, worry, and fear in this period of time, causing her to cry like the rustling of a storm. Even Cang Yue, who had long cultivated sufficient fortitude was twitching as she choked immensely, unable to utter a single word.


 “...” Su Ling’er’s lips opened, as she quietly looked at the silhouette of Yun Che’s back, her emotions were indescribably complicated. However, as a fellow woman, she was able to sense the blazing emotions the two girls, who had recklessly pounced into Yun Che’s arms, had for him.


 “Big Brother... Big Brother!” Bringing Xiao Lie with him, Xiao Yun ran over with hurried steps. Following close behind him was Number Seven Under Heaven who was tightly hugging onto Yongan. In this period of time, this married couple had stayed in the Yun residence the entire time.


 “Xiao Yun, Seventh Sister, this period of time when you guys took care of Grandfather must have been tough,” Yun Che said with a slight smile.


 “Big Brother, you... as long as you’re fine.” Xiao Yun’s eyes stirred and his voice choked. During the days while Yun Che was not here, he was similarly in a state of extreme fear. After all, on the day Yun Che was sent to Golden Crow Lightning Flame Valley, he was truly in a frightening condition and after that, there was no news of him for a long period of time. He and Number Seven Under Heaven had consoled Xiao Lie in various ways, saying how his life was more tenacious than anyone else’s and he would definitely be fine, however, even they themselves were worried day and night.


 “Young Master! Young Master!”


 “Asgard Master!!”


 Everyone in the Yun household and also the crowd of Frozen Cloud girls residing in the outer residences, had all gathered. Every single one of their faces carried incomparably deep excitement.


 Before their arrival, Yun Che had lightly mentioned to Yun Gu and Su Ling’er that he was the young master of the Yun Family of the Illusory Demon Realm but looking at the scene before their eyes, to the entire Yun Family, to these people, how could he possibly be just an ordinary young master? He was surrounded by layers upon layers of people and every single one of them was unable to suppress his or her excitement from seeing his safe return... He was clearly just a youth of about twenty years old but he was like the irreplaceable core of an entire world.


 “Che’er! Che’er!!”


 Mu Yurou flew over with teary eyes and next to her was Yun Qinghong who was doing his best to suppress his excitement. Yun Che hurriedly moved to them and then, immediately knelt with his two knees on the ground. Filled with guilt, he said. “Father, Mother, this child is unfilial. During this period of time... I have worried you two again.”


 “Che’er, quick, quick, stand up.” Mu Yurou could not be bothered with the tears on her face, as she hurriedly held Yun Che up and looked at him over and over again. “You’re finally back. If you had taken any longer, Mother would have... Che’er, are you completely healed? Are you completely fine now? The Golden Crow Divine God has cure you completely this time, right?”


 Mu Yurou’s every single word carried concern that was as deep as the ocean. Yun Che looked her in the eyes and nodded with incomparable strength. “Mother, this time, I’m completely healed and I can’t feel any better than I am now. The incidents that happened before will never happen again.”


 “Rea... Really?” Mu Yurou was excited to the point of being incoherent. “Then that’s good, that’s good... That’s really good to hear...”


 “Father, I was a disappointment some time ago. My will actually diminished in the face of a strong enemy which must have worried and disappointed father. This child guarantees that it will not happen a second time,” Yun Che said as he looked at Yun Qinghong.


 At first glance he saw Yun Che today, Yun Qinghong could already sense an incomparably huge change in his demeanor... To the point of being comparable to a metamorphosis.


 He no longer had any bleakness, any heavy-heartedness, nor even the least bit of gloom. What replaced them, were instead brightness and excellence far surpassing what he had before. Compared to the condition he was in before he was brought to Golden Crow Lightning Flame Valley, it was as if he had been reborn.


 Yun Qinghong smiled with incomparable joy and comfort. He reached out his hand and patted strongly on Yun Che’s shoulder. “A true man can feel depressed for a short while but he will definitely not feel depressed for a lifetime...”


 The hand he patted Yun Che’s shoulder with suddenly jerked, his face revealed a deep astonishment... Because flowing with Yun Che’s body, was actually profound energy at the Monarch level!


 “Che’er, your profound strength...” Yun Qinghong raised his head, looking at him in utter disbelief.


 “Father, later on, you can inform Grandfather Mu and them to temporarily withdraw the Great City Barrier Formation. As for the enforcement of martial law, it can be completely removed as well.” Yun Che revealed a confident, yet unarrogant light smile. “Right now, I’m eager to have Xuanyuan Wentian come over, it would save me the trouble of going over to the Profound Sky Continent to look for him myself.”


 “...” The hand Yun Qinghong placed on Yun Che instantly stiffened, his eyes slightly widened. He was actually speechless from how agitated he was.


 “Xue’er isn’t at home?” Yun Che could not spot Feng Xue’er’s figure.


 “She and the Little Demon Empress have gone over to Golden Crow Lightning Flame Valley,” Mu Yurou said. “During this period, they have been making these visits everyday but they should be back around now.”


 “Big Brother Yun!!”


 The moment Mu Yurou’s voice fell, an anxious call sounded from afar. Feng Xue’er, dressed in a red dress, could not be bothered with the masses of people present and heavily leapt into Yun Che’s arms. The Little Demon Empress arrived right after her and she quietly landed next to Yun Che. She still had the same expressionless look and even spoke with the same cold tone. “Yun Che, just what happened to you in Golden Crow Lightning Flame Valley? Why have you come out only after such a long time, letting all these people worry about you?”


 Looking away, she then lightly added, “How’s your present condition?”


 “Heh, of course I’m fine now. You should know right after looking at me,” Yun Che laughed.


 “Oh right, I forgot to introduce everyone.” Yun Che arrived next to Su Ling’er and Yun Gu and first pulled over Su Ling’er’s small hand. “This is Ling’er, Su Ling’er. She came back with me from the Azure Cloud Continent. Ling’er, this is my father and mother.”


 “Ling’er greets Uncle and Auntie.” Su Ling’er stepped forward and lightly bowed.


 “What did you say? Azure Cloud Continent?” The Little Demon Empress suddenly turned back. Although few people knew the existence of Azure Cloud Continent, there were indeed distant records of the Azure Cloud Continent in the Illusory Demon Realm and the Little Demon Empress was one of the few people who knew about it... However, it was still just superficial knowledge.


 “Mn.” Yun Che nodded. “Actually, during this short period of time, I was not in Golden Crow Lightning Flame Valley but travelled to the Azure Cloud Continent with the profound ark... As for the reasons behind this, I will tell everyone about it in detail later.”


 “...” Deep astonishment surfaced between the Little Demon Empress’s brows. However, she did not press for an answer amidst the crowd.


 On the other hand, Mu Yurou’s focus was not on that whatever Azure Cloud Continent, the eyes Yun Che and Su Ling’er looked at each other with were all seen by her and how could she possibly not see through them? She was definitely in the process of getting another daughter-in-law. In an instant, wearing a grin on her face, she took the initiative to pull Su Ling’er’s hand and gently said, “Ling’er, though this auntie isn’t aware where the Azure Cloud Continent is, since you were willing to accompany Yun Che here, in the future, this will be your home. If you need anything, please feel free to let auntie know.”
This chapter made its debut appearance via N0v3lB1n.

 “Thank you, Auntie.” Ripples of warmth surged within Su Ling’er’s heart.


 “Che’er, this senior is?” Yun Qinghong’s gaze turned towards Yun Gu. This white-haired elderly man had a sage-like demeanor and he carried an aura that could deeply impress people. Furthermore, he had noticed that the eyes Yun Che was looking at him with, carried deep respect... And when it came to people whom he would display such a respectful attitude to, other than his elders, there was seemingly no one else.


 Yun Che hurriedly said, “This person is Senior Medical Saint and similarly carries the surname Yun. His medical techniques can be said to be the best in both ancient and modern times and from now on, he will be residing in our Illusory Demon Realm.”


 Yun Qinghong’s heart shook immensely. Yun Che’s medical techniques were already at the miraculous level, yet the words “best in both ancient and modern times” were personally spoken by him. How could this possibly be a small matter!?


 He hurriedly bowed and said, “So it’s Senior Medical Saint! To have a miracle man such as Senior Medical Saint here, it’s truly a blessing for our Illusory Demon Realm.”


 “This old man is just a regular doctor, I’m definitely not worthy of such praise from Patriarch Yun.” Yun Gu hurriedly returned his greetings but his gaze had instead landed on the Little Demon Empress after that. Then, he immediately spoke. “I wonder how I should address this little lady?”


 The Little Demon Empress’s brows slightly twitched as she turned around. Yun Che hurriedly introduced. “Senior Medical Saint, this is the Little Demon Empress, the ruler of the continent of the Illusory Demon Realm.”


 “I see.” Yun Gu lightly nodded and there were not any huge changes to the emotions on his face. As a doctor, he had seemingly never been moved by the identities of his patients. He continued to inspect the Little Demon Empress and when he thought of the crowd present at the sides, in the end, he kept his words to himself.


 Yun Che’s heart fiercely shook. When it came to the Little Demon Empress’s condition, other than Yun Qinghong who had sensed it, only he and the Little Demon Empress knew about it. Furthermore, the Little Demon Empress’s condition was not evidently exposed. If he had not known about it beforehand, even with his own judgment, he definitely would not have realized that she had any anomalies.


 However, looking at Yun Gu’s expression... He had clearly seen through it at first glance!


 Yun Che’s heart began to tremble from excitement... How could I have missed such an important detail? I’m unable to save Caiyi but Master might have a way... Because he’s my master who has surpassed all in the way of the medicine, be it in the present or ancient times!


 “Father! I have to trouble you to prepare a quiet place!” Yun Che suddenly said and then pulled the Little Demon Empress. “Senior Medical Saint, mind if I trouble you to first... check on the Little Demon Empress’s pulse?”


 Little Demon Empress: “...?”


 Yun Gu lightly nodded, “This old man shall do his best.”


 Only then did Yun Qinghong react and hurriedly said, “Free up the main hall quickly. Everyone must withdraw a kilometer away from the main hall and unless personally permitted by this patriarch. No one is allowed to approach!”

