

Chapter 1520 - Darkness

 “Yun Che,” the Dragon Monarch looked at Yun Che and said, “the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations is an ultimate evil that once slaughtered even the gods and devils into extinction, and it is definitely beyond the current world’s ability to control! Her very existence is an infinitely dangerous time bomb that may erupt into the worst calamity at any moment. No one can guarantee that this would never happen as long as the Evil Infant still remained in this world, even if we assume that the Heavenly Slaughter Star God is in control!”


 “The destruction of the Era of Gods itself is a warning our predecessors left behind in blood!”


 “The Eternal Heaven God Emperor did not just kill the Evil Infant, he wiped away the biggest calamity in this world. He has my greatest respect, and he should be praised for his actions.”


 “It was wrong of you to support the Evil Infant in the first place, but now you even want the kill the Eternal Heaven God Emperor for her? How disappointing!”


 After the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor and the Evil Infant were gone, the Dragon Monarch had become the world’s supreme ruler once more.


 His words represented the highest power of the world.


 A strange atmosphere was spreading where the crimson crack had disappeared not long ago. Xia Qingyue secretly sighed while frowning deeply.


 Yun Che’s biggest support had never been his messiah status, but the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor, the Evil Infant, her, and the Eternal Heaven God Emperor.


 Even with the departure of the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor, Yun Che still should’ve been the crownless king no one dared to offend because of the Evil Infant.


 However, a turning point no one could predict had not only resulted in the eternal departure of the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor, but also the Evil Infant’s exile from the Primal Chaos.


 Even Yun Che’s closest ally, the Eternal Heaven God Emperor had turned into the person he hated the most...


 Yun Che laughed coldly and sorrowfully in response, “When I made the promise on Jasmine’s behalf to stay in the lower realms forever, why did none of you accuse me of collusion with the Evil Infant!?”


 “It’s true that she’s carrying the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations in her, but it is also true that the absolute evil you spoke of saved you! All of you! What other unforgivable sins has she committed besides that!? What other irreversible calamities has she caused?”


 The Dragon Monarch’s gaze was incredibly indifferent. He looked away from Yun Che, his imposing countenance seemingly filled with immeasurable disappointment. “It looks like you’re dead set on this path of evil. Just your shaming of the Eternal Heaven God Emperor alone was an unforgivable crime already, but since you did save the world, I’ll give you one chance. I’ll show you the will of the people right now and let them tell you if you’re in the right, or wrong!”


 “Everyone.” The Dragon Monarch’s voice was heavy and soul stunning. “Those who think that the Eternal Heaven God Emperor should die, and that the Evil Infant shouldn’t die, please stand on Yun Che’s side. Those who think that the Evil Infant should die, and that the Eternal Heaven God Emperor shouldn’t die, please stand on the Eternal Heaven God Emperor’s side. You are free to choose as you wish.”


 “Hahahaha!” A frivolous laugh followed right after the Dragon Monarch was done speaking. “A person’s death for the peace and safety of all others? Is that even a question?”


 The Southern Sea God Emperor walked up and stopped in between the Dragon Monarch and Qianye Fantian without hurry. He first shot a glance at Yun Che, then at Qianye Ying’er not far behind the latter before narrowing his eyes slightly. “It’s true that you’d saved the world, or a lower realm junior like you would never have been qualified to speak with us. But just because you’re the God Child Messiah doesn’t mean that you can do whatever you like!”


 “Yun Che, God Child Yun...” The Southern Sea God Emperor seemed to be smiling, “Don’t forget that we are the only ones who know that you’re the “God Child Messiah” right now. If you insist on walking the path of foolishness, you might not even be able to keep that title!”


 The space turned dead silent, and everyone’s expression kept changing.


 The atmosphere had changed completely. It had changed the moment Qianye Fantian had stepped out to speak against Yun Che.


 Qianye Fantian was the strongest god emperor and the highest authority in the Eastern Divine Region.


 Nan Wansheng was the strongest god emperor and the highest authority in the Southern Divine Region.


 As for the Dragon Monarch, he was both the strongest god emperor of the Western Divine Region and the supreme ruler of the entire world. He was the highest authority in the entire God Realm itself.


 All three people with the highest authority in three divine regions had come together and stood on the opposite side of Yun Che.


 At this point, everyone had noticed that something was amiss.


 Yun Che was the reason the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor had willingly left the Primal Chaos and even stopped her fellow kinsmen from returning. He was also the one who promised on behalf of the Evil Infant to never attack the God Realm and dispelled their fear...


 He was without a doubt the God Child Messiah and the pride of the Eastern Divine Region. In fact, most of these realm kings were grateful and happy for him from the bottom of their hearts.


 As for the god emperors themselves... Up until just now, they had always treated him respectfully and courteously. One might even say that they had spoken to Yun Che like he was their equal—this included the Dragon Monarch, Qianye Fantian and Nan Wansheng.


 The Eternal Heaven God Emperor especially had nothing but praise for Yun Che.


 Or at least, that was the case until fifteen minutes ago.


 But after Jie Yuan had left, and the Evil Infant had been ambushed by the Eternal Heaven God Emperor... everything had changed without warning.


 In fact, it was such a drastic change that it was almost unnatural!


 With the Evil Infant gone, Yun Che was no longer as intimidating to the god emperors as before. In fact, no one was really surprised that the Brahma Heaven God Emperor had chosen this moment to attack Yun Che... The enslavement of the Brahma Monarch Goddess had to be the most humiliating thing to ever happen to the Brahma Monarch God Realm in recent years.


 The Southern Sea God Emperor’s decision to join in on the attack against Yun Che wasn’t a surprise either. After all, everyone knew that he was obsessed with the Brahma Monarch Goddess to the point of madness, and they could easily envision him doing anything out of hatred and jealousy.


 But what was wrong with the Dragon Monarch!?


 No one here was stupid. Everyone could see that he wasn’t just defending the Eternal Heaven God Emperor.


 “The Evil Infant’s death brings peace to the entire world!” The Holy Eaves Realm King stood up and repeated Qianye Fantian’s words loudly, “I fail to see how the Eternal Heaven God Emperor has done anything wrong! Yun Che, your insolence has gone too far!”


 “That’s right!” Another realm king followed right behind him and stood next to the Eternal Heaven God Emperor as well. “How could you wish to kill the most esteemed person in the entire world for something as evil as the Evil Infant? The Eternal Heaven God Emperor had risked his very reputation and integrity to wipe out the greatest threat to the world! This is too much!”


 “I will not accept this even if you’re the God Child Messiah!” A third realm king quickly followed after them.


 The three god emperors had pretty much decided everyone’s stances with their decision.


 The rest of the god emperors and the great realm kings had started to move as well. At least half of them were scolding Yun Che for his “offense”, and some were even glaring at him in anger. Their earlier groveling and gratitude towards the God Child Messiah had completely vanished before anyone realized it.


 The remaining spoke not a word, but they ultimately chose to stand together with the Eternal Heaven God Emperor and the three strongest god emperors of the entire world.


 “Let’s go,” said the Qilin Emperor to the Blue Dragon Emperor. He could sense that the Blue Dragon Emperor was feeling unwell.


 When the Blue Dragon Emperor didn’t move, the Qilin Emperor added, “This has nothing to do with right or wrong. Our choice is also tied to the wellbeing of our king realms.”


 The Blue Dragon Emperor finally let out a small sigh and followed the Qilin Emperor to the Dragon Monarch’s side.


 Who would support a junior who had lost all his support and stand on the opposite side of the three strongest god emperors?


 God Child Messiah?


 When the devil emperor was still in Primal Chaos, and the devil gods could be returning at any moment, Yun Che was undeniably the God Child Messiah they’d placed all their hopes on... At the time, Yun Che’s words were their command because he had the power to change their fates.


 Even after the devil emperor had gone away, the Evil Infant was still the strongest and most terrible power in the world. No one would dare to harm her, Yun Che, or question the role he played in saving the world.


 But now, the crisis was resolved, and the Evil Infant was thrown out of Primal Chaos because of an “accident” before the truth was revealed... This meant that Yun Che was no longer in charge of his fate or even his merits. It was all in the hands of those with the strongest power and highest authority now.


 Yun Che could no longer decide anyone’s fate.


 But the three strongest god emperors opposite Yun Che could!


 From this point onward, basic human nature was the highest factor in play, not his merits!


 It didn’t take long before everyone except Xia Qingyue was standing on the Eternal Heaven God Emperor’s side.


 Not a single person had decided to support Yun Che!


 Many people standing on the Eternal Heaven God Emperor’s side tasted a deep sense of irony in their mouths.


 The Eternal Heaven God Emperor himself was wearing a complicated look on his face as he sighed heavily.


 “Do you see now?” The Dragon Monarch said coolly, his draconic eyes looking down on Yun Che like he was observing a pitiful ant... just a moment ago, this pitiful ant had been the God Child Messiah who was praised by all.


 The Eternal Heaven Guardians clearly hadn’t expected this to happen. They even looked incredibly bewildered.


 “You must apologize to the Eternal Heaven God Emperor,” Qianye Fantian said indifferently. His words sounded like a mandate from heaven.


 “Heh... hehe... hehehe...” An icy, disdainful smile appeared on Yun Che’s face. It was so piercing that many people had looked away from him. “Tell me, who is the one who protected you from harm?”


 “Was it me and Jasmine, or that old dog Eternal Heaven!?”


 No one answered him.


 “You all claim that Jasmine is the ultimate evil, but what evil has she committed for the past few years!? Yes, she had killed the Moon God Emperor a couple of years ago... but it was because the Moon God Emperor was the one who killed her mother first! Even the reason she took the Evil Infant into herself was to prevent it from falling into the hands of those who would destroy this world!!”


 “This so-called ‘ultimate evil’ is the one who has saved your lives... Your people and your grandchildren... everyone in this world owes her their life!!”


 “But that old dog Eternal Heaven over there killed your savior in the most despicable fashion possible, and here you are calling him a ‘saint’!?”


 “You can be blind and ungrateful, but... can you feed even your conscience and shame to the dogs!!”


 “Yun Che!” Xia Qingyue spoke up before anyone could and appeared right next to Yun Che. She then grabbed his arm and said, “You’re being too emotional right now. Come with me first, and we’ll think on this once you’ve calmed down, okay?”


 But Yun Che threw her arm away as the people in front of him grew blurrier and blurrier. His voice suddenly became as deep as a cursing devil, “You all deserve to die... you all... deserve... to die!!”


 Calm down?


 How could he calm down?


 How could he possibly allow himself to calm down!?


 There were a lot of people who were surprised or confused by Yun Che’s excessive loss of reason and anger over the loss of the Evil Infant. Although it was true that the Evil Infant had saved them, Yun Che’s apparent insanity had made no sense to them.


 In their opinion, the fact that the Evil Infant had saved them didn’t change the fact that she was still the most evil and intolerable existence in the world.


 They didn’t know of his relationship with the Evil Infant. They didn’t know that Jasmine was the last thing he could afford to lose in his life, his absolute reverse scale!


 Those unforgettable days where they clung onto each other day and night,


 Those partings that felt like their hearts were being torn apart,


 Those days he searched for her relentlessly,


 The pain and despair of loss,


 The joy of recovering what was lost,


 The warmth of her embrace,


 The anticipation of returning Blue Pole Star together...


 But why... why did it turn out like this!?


 If she really had been controlled by the Evil Infant, if she really had committed an unforgivable sin... He would hurt, but he wouldn’t have hated anyone for doing what was necessary.


 But she was no devil! She had saved all their lives just a moment ago!


 He had even saved the entire world from Jie Yuan... But the second Jie Yuan had gone away, they had immediately chosen to support Jasmine’s murderer... the Eternal Heaven God Emperor!


 “Slave... Ying...”


 His voice was trembling as he spoke... calm down? Calm down can f*cking die in a ditch! All he had left was rage and hatred! “Kill... them... kill them all!!”


 Qianye Ying’er obeyed his order and grabbed the soft sword made of golden threads around her waist. Then, she did a sweeping arc and sent a blast of energy to the front.


 Xia Qingyue frowned and raised a barrier in front of Yun Che in a hurry.


 The Brahma Monarch Goddess’ power was terrible, but...


 Long Bai, Qianye Fantian and Nan Wansheng took a step forward and pushed outwards!


 Boom!!


 All three were the strongest god emperors of their respective divine regions, the three strongest profound practitioners in the entire world!


 The golden light was scattered completely, and Qianye Ying’er froze in midair for an instant before she was thrown back at least fifty kilometers away.


 The remaining energy of the counterattack shook the barrier Xia Qingyue had created in haste before shattering it into pieces. Yun Che immediately stifled a groan as he collapsed on his knees and vomited blood. Every drop felt like it was infused with ice.


 The hatred in his eyes only grew more chaotic and ruthless, however.


 “God Child Yun, it looks like you’ve truly gone insane,” Qianye Fantian said with a bit of regret.


 “You wish to kill us for an evil that shouldn’t exist in the first place?... What a joke.”


 “Yun Che.” This time it was the Southern Sea God Emperor. “‘God Child Yun’ is just a title, a favor we grant out of praise for your deeds! Do you seriously think that you’re a child of god...”


 ............


 ......


 ...


 The voices slowly faded away until they became completely fuzzy.


 His vision also felt like it was shrouded by a layer of darkness that was growing thicker and thicker... This time though, he didn’t feel like dispelling or escaping it at all...


 His previous conversation with Jie Yuan suddenly rang inside his mind:


 “Answer me, Yun Che... Do you think that this world is worth my sacrifice?”


 “I believe that it is worth it.” His answer had been so firm and unwavering back then. “The current Primal Chaos is undoubtedly lowly and weak compared to the old world. It has also developed its own stable laws and mature rules of survival, stable planes and worlds since the passing of the gods and devils. I won’t deny that there are many despicable and dark corners in this world, and some are more than enough to drive a person into despair, but ultimately I believe the good in this world ultimately outweighs the bad... If nothing else, I believe that it is worth everything I have to protect.”


 ............


 “If this world never strays from the hopeful world you speak of, then it would never awaken... But if one day you are completely filled with disappointment and hatred for this world, then the opposite will happen.”


 At the time, Jie Yuan had planted a seed of darkness in him. He didn’t know what it was, but he could still remember his answer as clear as yesterday:


 “I’ve lost many things in my life, but I always regained them all in the end. I’ve experienced many moments of despair, but there was always a light at the end of the tunnel. I’ve also received countless malice, but time and time again my life has told me that there was always more good than malice in this world.”


 “The people at the top of this world also wish for a stable order. The Eternal Heaven God Realm especially is a world that strives to punish the taboo and evil in order to ensure the peace and stability of all of the Primal Chaos.”


 “That’s why I’m sure a day like this would never come. I’m sure you arrived at this decision because you believed the same as well, Senior.”


 ............


 “Haha... hahahaha... hahahahahahaha!”


 Yun Che laughed suddenly. His laugh sounded crazy, heart rending, sorrowful, and full of despair...


 The world suddenly darkened as a terrible, oppressive pressure enveloped everyone without warning... Everyone frowned deeply and attempted to look for the source when their pupils suddenly became focused on one person, shrinking.


 A pitch black profound formation had appeared in front of Yun Che’s chest before anyone realized it. It flashed silently, but it caused the darkness profound energy inside Yun Che to rise like that of an awakening devil god. It spilled outward violently and uncontrollably, spreading out Yun Che’s hair and dyeing his pupils until they were as black as a bottomless abyss. The sight of the black energy crawling all over Yun Che sinisterly stabbed everyone painfully in the eye.


 “Darkness... profound energy!!”Emerging from the sanctum of Nøv€lß¡n☆, this essence holds secrets untold.

