

Chapter 227 - The Danger Planted in Silence

  

 Usually, there would be quite a number of people looking around in front of Frozen Cloud Asgard’s courtyard. All of them wished to have a glimpse at the beauty of the Frozen Cloud fairies, but there was basically not a single one who dared to make conversation with them. No matter how much authority, power, fame or potential a young practitioner possessed in his territory, when the practitioner arrived before a disciple of the Frozen Cloud Asgard, he would always turn timid, and a feeling of shame would also grow uncontrollably within.


 As for those who dared to directly request an audience with Chu Yuechan, there were absolutely none.


 Ice particles fluttered, and very quickly, a graceful fairy-like figure appeared before him, and she was actually Xia Qingyue. Her beautiful eyes quietly stopped at Yun Che’s face, and said. “Sir Yun, if you wish to see Frozen Beauty Senior Master, it’s best that you take your leave. Frozen Beauty Senior Master has always like peace and quiet, and has never been willing to interact with people outside Frozen Cloud Asgard. Your intentions, I believe Frozen Beauty Senior Master has heard it.”


 Yun Che looked at her, and said sternly. “Qingyue my wife, I give you two choices. One, call me husband, or two, call me by my name... You’re my legally married wife, where would you find a wife calling her husband ‘Sir’!?”


 In regards to Yun Che’s words, Xia Qingyue was not the least bit angry, as she slightly nodded. “Alright, then, Qingyue will refer to you as Yun Che from now on.”


 The left corner of Yun Che’s lips twitched for a bit. He let out a light sigh, and said helplessly. “I rather wish that you were like before. Back then, you would always look at me coldly, but when I intentionally ‘offend’ you with my words, you would still express some anger... But now, you’re always so dull, it looked as though you have turned into someone else.”


 The light in Xia Qingyue’s eyes slightly turned, as she softly said. “My Asgard’s Ice Heart Art allows one’s heart to be calm and collected, and removes one from her desires. In regards to your words earlier, Qingyue shall take them as compliments.”


 “Removes one from her desires... Then, would that person still be human?” Yun Che shook his head, and changed the topic. “Qingyue my wife, congratulations on entering the top four. After this Ranking Tournament, your name shall spread throughout the world.”


 “Words like that, I should be the one saying them to you.” Xia Qingyue’s expression turned slightly complicated. “I completely did not expect that you would reach such a level in just a short span of two years. You have given those who have ridiculed you, underestimated you, and even chased you out of your home, the most powerful retaliation.”


 “I wish to see the Fairy of Frozen Beauty. Qingyue my wife, please help me convey my request to her. She might possibly be willing to see me.” Yun Che said.


 Xia Qingyue shook her head gently. “That’s impossible. Frozen Beauty Senior Master will definitely not meet you. Please return, the Ranking Tournament tomorrow...”


 “Qingyue, allow him to come in my room.”


 At this moment, a voice, that was as vague as mist and as cold as ice, resounded from an unknown direction, gradually falling into the ears of the two people. A deep astonishment flashed across Xia Qingyue’s beautiful eyes, as she immediately said. “Yes, Senior Master... Yun Che, follow me.”


 The furnishment of the courtyard was exactly the same as Yun Che’s, and coincidentally, the position of the room Chu Yuechan chose, was exactly the same as Yun Che’s. With Xia Qingyue leading him, Yun Che reached in front of her room’s unlatched door. After a slight hesitation, he pushed the door open and entered.


 A chilling atmosphere instantly enveloped him. In front of Yun Che, was the beautiful back figure of a fairy. She stood before the window, bathing herself in the bright moonlight spilling in from the window. Her white robe shone under the moonlight. Fluorescent light shimmered along the exposed snowy flesh on her neck, and was even more beautiful than moonlit snow.


 Suddenly, Yun Che felt as though he was looking at a deity who had descended onto the mortal realm from the Moon Palace, and could not help but be dazed. For a moment, he forgot the things he had wanted to say. Chu Yuechan did not look back at him, and her voice coldly sounded. “Do you know why I want to meet you?”


 “I know.” Yun Che regained his senses, and faintly replied. “Because you wish to see me, just like how I long to see you again after separating from you back then.”


 “... Nonsense!” Deep anger could be felt within Chu Yuechan’s voice. “The reason why I’m willing to see you, is to tell you this personally. The scores between us, have already been settled the moment I left the Wasteland of Death. We no longer owe each other, and we will never have any form of connection between us again! You’d best forget everything about the interactions between us. After today, we will be complete strangers!”


 However, Chu Yuechan’s words caused Yun Che to laugh. “If you’re really that determined to cut all scores between us, then why did you personally come to the Heavenly Sword Villa? Earlier today, when I was in trouble, why were you the first one to step out and help me? This is something the rumored Fairy of Frozen Beauty who has a cold personality would definitely not do.”


 “The reason why I came to the Heavenly Sword Villa was to simply come in place of our Asgard Mistress. As to why I saved you, it was because I could not stand Fen Moli’s shameless actions. It had nothing to do with you.” Chu Yuechan coldly said.


 “You can fool me, but can you fool yourself?” Yun Che smiled. “If your heart is really that determined, why would there be a need to explain all that to me? Ask yourself, within this period of time, do you not always have the uncontrollable urge to think about me? The urge to think about the half a year we spent together... The true reason why you came to Heavenly Sword Villa this time, is it really not to see me? As for the other reasons, they are simply excuses that you came up for yourself...”


 While Yun Che was saying this, he walked towards Chu Yuechan. “I initially thought that, before I have become strong enough, I would not have the chance to see you. But when I found out that you have actually came to the Heavenly Sword Villa as well, do you know how happy I was? Because, I was absolutely confident that, you came here because of me. Because you knew that I will represent the Blue Wind Imperial Family and participate in this Ranking Tournament.”


 “Shut your mouth... Don’t come over!” Yun Che’s words utterly confused Chu Yuechan’s heart, and when she felt Yun Che approach her, a hint of panic actually flashed across the face of this grand expert who had stepped into the Emperor Profound Realm. When she was about to turn her body, a pair of arms had already gently and firmly, embraced her waist, hugging her from behind.


 Chu Yuechan’s mind momentarily blanked out, and her entire body instantly stiffened. Beside her ear, Yun Che’s gentle voice sounded. “I know, it’s impossible for you to abandon Frozen Cloud Asgard, and it’s even more impossible for you to accept yourself. I don’t have the rights to force you, but I just wish that, before I gain the power to bring you out and break through all that obstructs us, you will not forget that, not only are you Chu Yuechan of Frozen Cloud Asgard, you have the identity called Little Fairy... You’re the Little Fairy who only belongs to me... Even if you wish to forget your identity as Little Fairy, then... then... then... you were the one who took my virginity! You can’t be thinking of not taking responsibility for it and prepare to completely forget about it after finishing your meal, right...”


 Chu Yuechan’s recent actions were honestly bizarre. Meeting a disciple that did not belong to her sect in the night, if it was in the past, it was something that basically would not happen. Xia Qingyue, who had brought Yun Che to Che Yuechan’s room, looked at the swaying candlelight in the room with a heart was filled with suspicion.


 At this moment, the unlatched door suddenly opened... to be exact, it was forced open. Yun Che’s body was sent flying out upside down by a cold pressure. Although he barely managed to stabilize his footing after landing, he still looked rather fatigued, and the door that was forced opened shut tight with a “bang” sound the moment he landed.


 “You angered Senior Master?” Xia Qingyue’s beautiful eyes turned, looking amusingly at his fatigued expression.


 “How can that be possible? Even if I were to possess ten thousand times more guts, I would not dare to anger her.” Yun Che said seriously. “The Fairy of Frozen Beauty simply sent me off kindly after accepting my thanks... Mn, that’s how it was.”


 “Is that so...” Xia Qingyue’s eyes momentarily stopped at his face. Evidently, she did not believe his words. She then said gently. “You have achieved your objective. If you have nothing else to do here, please return. In tomorrow’s Ranking Tournament, you will be facing Ling Jie. Master has told me that, although Ling Jie is young, does not look to be the least bit shrewd, and expresses his feelings freely, he’s actually an absolute genius whose talent even surpasses Ling Yun. In tomorrow’s duel, you have to be careful.”


 “Alright, thank you for the reminder. In contrast, your opponent tomorrow is more troublesome than mine.” Yun Che’s voice paused, and then, he suddenly continued. “Qingyue my wife, have you ever heard of the ‘Heart of Snow Glazed Glass’ and ‘Nine Profound Exquisite Body’?”


 “‘Heart of Snow Glazed Glass’, ‘Nine Profound Exquisite Body’?” Xia Qingyue’s brows slightly curled out of suspicion, and then, she shook her head. “Qingyue has never heard of it.”


 Seeing Xia Qingyue’s reaction, it was evident that she was clueless about the Heart of Snow Glazed Glass and Nine Profound Exquisite Body. Yun Che immediately said. “Oh, it’s nothing much. I will take my leave then.”


 Just when he turned and was preparing to leave, Yun Che’s steps suddenly stopped again. He turned back, and said. “In your duel tomorrow with Ling Yun, I hope that, the one who turns out victorious is not Ling Yun, but you. In that case, in the final match, your opponent... will be me!”
Unearth this data, retracing it to the very heart of Nøv€lß¡n★

 Even though he left just those few words, they were filled with arrogance and doubtless confidence, as though, in his eyes, the outcome of his duel with Ling Jie tomorrow had already been determined. Looking at Yun Che’s leaving figure, Xia Qingyue sank into a moment of silence, and then, she softly muttered to herself. “In a span of less than two years, just what in the world did he experience...”


 At the same time, at another place in the Heavenly Sword Villa.


 Ling Kun, as one of the executives of the Mighty Heavenly Sword Region, his status could only be considered as the low-middle class in the Mighty Heavenly Sword Region. However, in the Blue Wind Empire, his status, and his strength, was enough to frighten and be revered by all the large sects. None of them would dare to offend or disobey him in the slightest.


 In the eyes of the Four Great Sacred Lands, these small empires, were simply nothing but third-rate places that they would not even bother to step into.


 The courtyard Heavenly Sword Villa had prepared for Ling Kun was also extremely extravagant. Just by the number of servants attending to him alone were more than a dozen, and currently, all of these people who attended to him were sent away by him. In the room lighted up by the pale candle-light, he took out a treasure jade that was entirely bluish purple in color. This was a piece of an extremely rare and unique sound transmission jade.


 With the insertion of profound energy, the bluish purple sound transmission jade emitted out a pale glow, and the sound transmission formation hidden within began to quickly spin.


 “Young Hall Master, how have you been? Do you still remember this trivial old man?” Ling Kun narrowed his eyelids, and softly spoke to the sound transmission jade.


 “Senior Ling? Ling Kun of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region? Now this sure is rare. It seems like, you should have something interesting to discuss with this young master?”


 “That’s right.” Ling Kun slowly said. “This old man wish to make a trade with Young Hall Master. I believe Young Hall Master will definitely be interested in this trade.”


 “Oh? Go on.”


 “Hoho, I heard that Young Hall Master have been looking for a girl who possesses the ‘Nine Profound Exquisite Body’ in these recent years. And a mystical girl like that, this old man has actually encountered one. I wonder if Young Hall Master is interested?”


 “What?” The voice which was initially calm instantly became hurried, and then, his voice once again sank. “This young master naturally will not suspect Senior Ling’s eyes. But since it’s the ‘Nine Profound Exquisite Body’ that would rarely appear in ten thousand years, why isn’t Senior Ling using for himself, or presenting it to your Holy Master of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region?”


 “This old man knows of his own status, I really do not have the sufficient guts to enjoy this Nine Profound Exquisite Body. If I were to offer it to the Holy Master, I will only be able to exchange it for the so-called ‘merits’, but if I were to offer it to Young Hall Master... Heh, I believe, with Young Hall Master’s boldness and wit, this old man will definitely receive even more benefits.”


 “Hahahaha! Senior Ling sure is a smart man. This young master likes to talk with smart people. Looks like back then, when this young master left the sound transmission jade to Senior Ling, it was really the most wise decision on my part. Whatever benefits Senior Ling wish to have, please feel free to express them. If it’s the real Nine Profound Exquisite Body, no matter what Senior Ling wishes to have, it would never be too much.”


 “As I thought, Young Hall Master is straightforward.” Ling Kun laughed. “This old man only wants one thing... A thousand five hundred grams of Purple Veined Divine Crystals.”


 “... A thousand five hundred grams. This request of Senior Ling’s, sure is big.”


 “Hahahaha, to others, forget about a thousand five hundred grams of Purple Veined Divine Crystals, it would be difficult for them to even obtain a thousand five hundred grams of Purple Veined Heaven Crystals. But, to Young Hall Master, I believe obtaining a thousand five hundred grams of Purple Veined Divine Crystals isn’t really a hard task. And, when comparing the Nine Profound Exquisite Body to a thousand five hundred grams of Purple Veined Divine Crystals, it basically isn’t worth mentioning.”


 “Fine! Within two years, this young master will personally prepare a thousand five hundred grams of Purple Veined Divine Crystals. I hope when that time comes, Senior Ling will definitely not disappoint me.”


 “Young Hall Master, please be at ease. Unless this old man is tired of living, otherwise, I definitely would not dare to fool Young Hall Master in the slightest. Then, this old man will shall quietly wait for Young Hall Master’s good news...”


 The light in the sound transmission jade disappeared. Ling Kun raised his head, quietly smiled, and muttered softly to himself. “The characteristic of that girl’s profound aura, is exactly the same as the records of the Nine Profound Exquisite Body in the Secret Tome... Heh, I did not expect that such a divine body would be born in this trivial land. Heaven is basically on my side!”

