

Chapter 823 - Moonflower of Hell (1)

  

 When Yun Che was descending into Phoenix City, Feng Zukui, Feng Tianwei, and Feng Hengkong, the three generations of Divine Phoenix Emperors were standing together and discussing some matters. Sensing Yun Che’s aura, they turned around at the same time and revealed the same expression—a faint smile.


 “Che’er, you arrived at just the right time. The banquet is going to begin shortly,” Feng Hengkong said with delight. “Supreme Ocean Palace and Sun Moon Divine Hall have already arrived, and all of their Sacred Masters personally came. There was also a sound transmission saying that Absolute Monarch Sanctuary and Mighty Heavenly Sword Region have also arrived in Divine Phoenix City and will soon reach Phoenix City. The giving of such face is larger than the heavens in the Profound Sky Continent.”


 “Ah!” Feng Zukui let out a soft sigh before a faint smile appeared on his face again. “Let all the grudges of the past disappear with the blowing wind. The future of our Divine Phoenix Sect lies with Xue’er, and her feelings for you run deep. I hope that you will treat her well in the future.”


 “I might not be able to make any promises regarding other matters, but I will never fail Xue’er,” Yun Che replied seriously. “Phoenix Sect Master, where is Xue’er now?”


 “Hoho, why are you still calling him Phoenix Sect Master. It’s time to change the greeting to Royal Father.” Feng Tianwei laughed.


 “Nevermind, a greeting is not important,” Feng Hengkong hurriedly said, a slight sense of awkwardness flashed through his eyes. In Blue Wind Imperial City half a year ago, Yun Che had already coldly told Feng Hengkong that, even after he got with Xue’er, he would never address him using the title of “Royal Father.” This was because he could never forget who caused the death of Cang Yue’s father!


 “Xue’er is in the Phoenix Call Pavilion. Qixuan, bring Asgard Master Yun to the Phoenix Call Pavillion,” Feng Hengkong ordered.


 “Yes, Sect Master.” The female phoenix disciple named Qixuan walked forward and respectfully led the way for Yun Che.


 “Mighty Heavenly Sword Region Sword Master Xuanyan Wentian and Young Sword Master Xuanyuan Wendao have arrived!”
This creation is firmly rooted in the depths of Nøv€lß¡n★

 The rate at which the arriving guests were announced seemed to have sped up. After Supreme Ocean Palace and Sun Moon Divine Hall, Mighty Heavenly Sword Region had also arrived, but it seemed as though only the Sword Master and his son came.


 “It’s Mighty Heavenly Sword Region. Royal Father, Grandfather, I shall go and receive them.” Feng Hengkong left swiftly. He could naturally let the elders receive other guests, but he definitely had to personally receive members of the Sacred Grounds.


 In Phoenix City, the most important location was definitely the Phoenix Divine Hall at the center. However, the current location was the true “Sacred Ground” of Phoenix City since it was where Feng Xue’er stayed after leaving the Phoenix God. All of the Phoenix Sect disciples including the princes were only allowed to observe from a long distance. They had no opportunity to get close... and entering was even more forbidden.


 Feng Xue’er sat in front of a mirror, her powdered snow like face showing signs of nervousness. When Yun Che entered the Phoenix Call Pavilion and walked over, she saw him in the mirror and turned around with glee. “Big Brother Yun!”


 The crimson palace gown that Xue’er wore was adorned in phoenix patterns. A belt that was the color of pure jade was lightly wrapped around her thin waist, which looked like it couldn’t handle a hug. Her long hair, which was the color of night, hung loose and comfortable as a multitude of hairpins held a light purple flower in place. Her skin softly glowed like warm jade. Without any cosmetics, her tender lips were red. With them, they became even more delicate and beautiful.


 Feng Xue’er’s beauty was flawless at all times, and she looked like a fairy even without makeup.


 Her extraordinary beauty that exceeded the heavens had now lost some of its tender innocence and become more enchanting. Although the changes to her beauty were minor, they were enough to charm souls from bodies. This was especially the case for her eyes. They seemed to glow like star light, but also seemed to sparkle like the ocean at the same time. She could captivate thousands of generations with a simple smile.


 Back when Yun Che was falling down Absolute Phoenix Cliff, before his consciousness had been lost, the dreamlike glance that he stole of this pair of beautiful eyes had already been firmly imprinted into his mind. For the rest of his life, this memory would never fade.


 Yun Che’s heart currently resembled a pond of water that rippled because of a gentle breeze. Yun Che walked forward a few steps and pulled Feng Xue’er into his embrace. His fingers impulsively caressed her snow white neck. The phoenix robe that she wore was smooth and glowed, but it could never compare to the exposed jade skin of Feng Xue’er. Even in the dimly lit Phoenix Call Pavilion, her neck still shone like jade.


 “Xue’er, after the engagement... I’ll bring you to visit my parents, okay?” Yun Che asked softly.


 “Mn...” Feng Xue’er gently replied. Although they had only been apart for little more than a dozen days, her longing for him had grown exponentially with each one that passed.


 Mighty Heavenly Sword Region arrived outside of the main hall, but it was indeed only Xuanyuan Wentian and Xuanyuan Wendao, the father-son pair.


 In nineteen days, the injury on Xuanyuan Wentian’s right arm had already healed. He who was usually arrogant and always looked down on everyone was acting exceptionally humble. When Feng Hengkong greeted him, he greeted him in return almost immediately. This was even more obvious for Xuanyuan Wendao. Not only did he lack his usual arrogance, he constantly surveyed the area and looked as if he were filled with fear.


 After a few simple greetings, Xuanyuan Wentian personally handed over gifts before lowering his voice and saying, “Phoenix Sect Master, where is your son-in-law, Asgard Master Yun?”


 Feng Hengkong’s eyes flickered as he said, “Che’er is currently at the Phoenix Call Pavilion with my daughter and should come to the hall soon. What are Sword Master Xuanyuan’s orders?”


 “I would not dare to give orders,” Xuanyuan Wentian said hastily and glanced at Xuanyuan Wendao before continuing. “However, I do have a request. My son Wendao has some important matters to privately discuss with Asgard Master Yun. I don’t know if...”


 Feng Hengkong hesitated. “This...”


 “Ah.” Xuanyuan Wentian sighed. “To tell you the truth, what happened during the Devil Sword Conference... Phoenix Sect Master you witnessed it for yourself. Both the lives of me and my son lie in the hands of your son-in-law. Today is a rare chance for us to resolve the conflict. If Phoenix Sect Master does not help, I’m afraid that the thousand years of history of my Mighty Heavenly Sword Region will be destroyed by my own hands, and I, Xuanyuan Wentian, will end up as the sinner of the sword region... I hope that Phoenix Sect Master can grant our request. My son and I would be most grateful.”


 Once he finished speaking, Xuanyuan Wentian bowed deeply to Feng Hengkong.


 If it were the past, Xuanyuan definitely wouldn’t be so humble in front of Feng Hengkong, and him paying respects seemed so absurd that it belonged to a dream. However, it was currently happening right in front of him.


 The distinguished Sword Region Sword Master, one of the four Sacred Masters of the Sacred Grounds, was talking to Feng Hengkong politely and even bowing to him... Feng Hengkong was shocked and even felt light headed. He wondered whether he was dreaming or not. A sense of pride exploded within him as he hastily went forward to help Xuanyuan Wentian up and said, “Sword Master Xuanyuan’s respect is something Hengkong does not dare to accept... however, since that’s the case, please follow me Young Sword Master.”


 “I thank Phoenix Sect Master for granting my request.”


 Xuanyuan Wentian said gratefully and stood there while watching Xuanyuan Wendao follow Feng Hengkong... A thick layer of haze gradually obscured his expression and gaze.


 Although he harbored boundless hatred and discontent, Xuanyuan Wentian was well aware of the fact that his words from earlier were no exaggeration... The lives of father and son, as well as the fate of Heavenly Mighty Sword Region, all lay in Yun Che’s hands.


 The only option they had left was to survive... even if it meant losing all of their pride!


 Only when one was alive did one have an opportunity!


 He turned around and looked at Feng Ximing who was off to one side. When their eyes met, Feng Ximing appeared as though he had been shocked by lightning. He looked downward, trembling.


 Feng Hengkong led Xuanyuan Wendao along, and just as they approached Phoenix Call Pavilion, they saw Yun Che walking alongside Feng Xue’er. It seemed like the couple was walking toward the main hall. Feng Hengkong quickly walked up to them and said, “Che’er, Young Sword Master Xuanyuan would like to have a private word with you. Would you..?”


 “Oh?” Yun Che glanced at Xuanyuan Wendao. He knew exactly why Xuanyuan Wendao was looking for him, and he smiled faintly. “If that’s the case, I shall hear what he has to say. Xue’er, wait here for me. It won’t take long.”


 Yun Che walked with great strides and a faint smile. Some distance away, he already started to shout. “Oh, it’s Young Sword Master Xuanyuan. I wonder why you’re looking for me?”


 The area surrounding the Phoenix Call Pavillion could be considered the quietest place in Phoenix City. Xuanyuan Wendao glanced at the surroundings. Not seeing any other Phoenix disciples present, he secretly felt relieved. Forcing a smile that could almost be seen as flattering, he replied, “Asgard Master Yun, Wendao came here for two reasons. First, I would like to congratulate you for tying the knot with the Princess Snow. Second... I’m here to ask for forgiveness.”


 “Forgiveness?” Yun Che’s eyes narrowed into thin lines.


 Xuanyuan Wendao gritted his teeth and replied, “Father and Wendao continuously offended Asgard Master Yun at the Ocean Palace and nearly put you in harm’s way. This was just... senseless and foolish. Father and Wendao are extremely ashamed of this, and we hope that Asgard Master Yun will be magnanimous and not take offense from fools like us... Father and Wendao will forever remember such kindness. From now on, regardless of what request Asgard Master Yun might have in the future, our Mighty Heavenly Sword Region will be at your disposal.


 Yun Che was stunned into silence. Xuanyuan Wendao’s words were extremely humbling. If anyone else had heard such words, they definitely would not have believed that they came out of the mouth of someone from the Sacred Grounds.


 “Young Sword Master Xuanyuan is too serious,” Yun Che calmly replied.


 Xuanyuan Wendao was trembling because he was using his own words to trample his own pride. “Other than that day at Supreme Ocean Palace, Wendao and his father once offended—and even sinned against— Asgard Master Yun’s family many years ago...”


 “Many years ago?” Yun Che’s eyebrows furrowed slightly, and his voice became much colder. “Young Sword Master Xuanyuan, what do you mean? Why do I not understand?”


 Although he did not reveal what he meant, Xuanyuan Wendao was certain that Yun Che already knew what he was talking about. He did not dare to actually explain it, instead lowering his head and patiently saying, “Asgard Master Yun must have heard this phrase before—a living person is much more useful than a dead one! Although the deaths of me and my father might quell your anger... leaving us alive ensures that we can do more for you.”


 Yun Che was silent.


 “Wendao has finished saying what he wanted to say. He believes that, with Asgard Master Yun’s intelligence and magnanimity, he must already have some thoughts to consider. Wendao shall not bother him any longer. In the future, if there is anything that Asgard Master Yun requires Wendao’s assistance with, please let him know. Wendao will definitely do his best to satisfy Asgard Master Yun...”


 Xuanyuan Wendao finished speaking, walked two steps backward, then hurried away with a bowed head. Yun Che stared at his back, his eyebrows knitted together slightly. The fact that Xuanyuan Wendao was afraid of death was something that Yun Che could ascertain from that day in the Ocean Palace’s Sea God Arena. However, Xuanyuan Wendao’s willingness to give in had not been at such a level. There must have been something behind Xuanyuan Wentian’s “teachings.”


 “Big Brother Yun!” Feng Xue’er walked over, gently held Yun Che’s arm, and giggled. “You’re amazing. Mighty Heavenly Sword Region’s Young Sword Master is actually so afraid in front of you.”


 Although she hadn’t been able to hear what Xuanyuan Wendao said, Xue’er had clearly seen his submissive appearance.


 “He isn’t afraid of me.” Yun Che shook his head and laughed. “He’s afraid of my master. As for me... I’m only relying on my master’s might. You can praise me when I can actually rely on my own strength to make them bow down and let me ‘step’ on them.”


 “Hee, Big Brother Yun is extremely powerful, so that day definitely isn’t far from now. Oh, right, Is Big Brother Yun’s master coming today?” Feng Xue’er asked. Her feelings about today were like a Phoenix Flower that had just blossomed in a garden.


 “Yes, but she likes quietness, so she probably won’t make an appearance. Perhaps she might be secretly observing us from somewhere,” Yun Che replied with a laugh. However, as he thought about the weird and unusual feeling he got from Jasmine today, it weighed heavily on his mind.


 As the time approached nine in the morning, Yun Che and Feng Xue’er walked toward the Phoenix Main Hall.


 “Absolute Monarch Sanctuary Saint Emperor Huangji Wuyu, Spiritual Master Bitter Agony, Nine Lamentations, Detached Heart, Seven Abstinence, Ancient Blue... a total of fourteen distinguished guests!”


 The people from Absolute Monarch Sanctuary had finally arrived as well, and their lineup was shocking. Among the thirteen people that came, not only had the Saint Emperor personally appeared, all twelve Spiritual Masters also came, and the last person was Xia Yuanba.


 Even the Elders of Absolute Monarch Sanctuary were not qualified to accompany him to this engagement banquet.


 :


 I know I stated that I was going to China with mommychu to visit grannychu and was hoping to return sometime June or so, but mommychu struck again, pushing our flight to June 1st. My trip to China is also now extended from June to the middle of July. Due to this trip, the planned double daily month releases for MEN will now be even more delayed. They WILL still come out after my trip though! Any regular chapters for every one of our series will still be coming out when I’m there (MEN 7, ATG 7, SR *TBD by Patreon*). I will try my best to get them out according to schedule, but if any chapters are missed due to chinachu problems, all of them will be made up when I get home.


 I know some people do not read the chapter posts in their haste to read the chapter so I’ll be leaving this message at the bottom of each chapter as a reminder!

