

Chapter 1609 - The Middle Stage of Eternal Calamity

 The matter of the Glazed Light Realm hiding the devil Yun Che and being punished for it by the Moon God Realm and the Eternal Heaven God Realm spread quickly, causing a huge commotion in the Eastern Divine Region, one that lasted a long time.


 After the three thousand years spent in the Eternal Heaven Divine Realm, the Glazed Light Realm gained a mid-stage Divine Master in Shui Yingyue and a miracle girl in Shui Meiyin. The spotlight on them shone brighter than all the other upper star realms and in the eyes of many people, the Glazed Light Realm had already replaced the Holy Eaves Realm as the head of the upper star realms.


 But today, the two people that formed the core of the Glazed Light Realm... Shui Qianheng had been crippled and Shui Meiyin had been imprisoned. In addition to this, they were all saddled with a crime that could not be washed away. The reputation of the Glazed Light Realm, which had been like a blazing midday sun, had now undoubtedly plummeted to the bottom.


 Furthermore, the entire world knew that if it was not for the intercession of the Eternal Heaven God Emperor, Shui Qianheng would not have even been able to keep his life.
Emerging from the sanctum of Nøv€lß¡n☆, this essence holds secrets untold.

 Nine days later, Shui Qianheng had quietly stepped down as the Glazed Light Realm King and his position was transferred to his eldest daughter, Shui Yingyue. This was supposed to be a huge event that would shake the entire Eastern Divine Region, an event that all of the realms would have come to celebrate. But now, the Glazed Light Realm did it under a blanket of complete silence. They did not hold a grand ceremony or invite any guests.


 As for what Shui Meiyin’s fate would be over the course of the next millennia, no one could know or predict it.


 ............


 God Realm of Absolute Beginning.


 It was a pale white world, a world that seemed to be eternally covered in a layer of gray ash.


 There were explosions and tearing sounds... and at the end, there were deep and sorrowful wails of despair.


 Three huge beasts that towered over three thousand meters simultaneously collapsed, causing the ground to sway and shake. Qianye Ying’er’s figure appeared amidst the slowly-descending gray dust. Her flexible sword flew out of her hands, cutting apart the bodies of the three gigantic beasts. She retrieved their perfectly intact profound cores and threw them toward Yun Che.


 Yun Che sat cross-legged in the middle of some ruins. His eyes were closed and his aura was calm and regular, and he was completely unresponsive to his surroundings.


 He had already stayed in this state for seven days.


 The God Realm of Absolute Beginning was said to be the only “small world” that had not collapsed from the beginning of the Primal Chaos until now. Furthermore, there was a rumor that said that this “small world” was actually even more vast than the God Realm, or the Primal Chaos Dimension itself.


 Its aura was completely different from the outside world.


 All of the living creatures that dwelled within it, whether it was the flowers and vegetation, or the birds, insects, fish, and beasts, they were all different from the outside world.


 To the knowledge of the world, the God Realm of Absolute Beginning was a small world that belonged to the Primal Chaos Realm. However, anyone who entered this place would discover that it was completely different from pocket worlds they were familiar with. Rather, it resembled another gigantic world that was independent and separate from the Primal Chaos.


 Furthermore, its existence actually seemed to be on a higher level than the Primal Chaos Realm.


 This was because those profound practitioners who knew of the existence of the God Realm of Absolute Beginning understood just how dangerous it was. Even though its upper limits were the same as the God Realm, the pinnacle of the Divine Master Realm, its floor was dreadfully high... Being at the Divine Sovereign Realm was the minimum requirement to step into the God Realm of Absolute Beginning! And if a Divine Master were to delve into its depths, even they would be taking greater and greater risks.


 In the million year history of the God Realm, there were two common causes of death for Divine Masters, existences who stood at the peak of the profound way and were extremely hard to kill. Besides those who expired of old age, their most common cause of death was dying inside the God Realm of Absolute Beginning.


 After she exterminated the profound beasts who had approached them, Qianye Ying’er returned to Yun Che’s side, but she did not continue to cultivate. Instead, she silently stared at his current calm appearance.


 The main reason they had entered the God Realm of Absolute Beginning a year ago was because they had been forced to do so. They definitely could not take the risk of falling into the hands of the Soul Stealing Realm or the Burning Moon King Realm.


 The risks and resources found in the God Realm of Absolute Beginning far exceeded that of any other location. In the months since they came to this place, as they killed more and more profound beasts found in the God Realm of Absolute Beginning, another frighteningly bizarre ability had suddenly manifested itself in Yun Che’s body...


 After he had obtained the ability to directly absorb the power contained within profound crystals, he found that he could also directly absorb the power found within the profound cores they had obtained from the profound beasts of Absolute Beginning just like he could profound crystals... In fact, he could directly convert them into his power in exactly the same fashion.


 At the start, it was still rather difficult, but after he did this for two months, the process became as familiar and easy as absorbing profound crystals.


 This bizarre ability of Yun Che’s was completely inconceivable to Qianye Ying’er and Yun Che had not uttered a word to her about it either.


 From the profound crystals that were formed from the spiritual energy of heaven and earth to the profound cores that formed within the bodies of profound beasts, it appeared that the limits of this bizarre ability did not merely extend to these things. She was unable to imagine just what sort of terrifying things it would do in the future.


 In fact, a terrifying thought had flashed through her mind more than once... What if he was able to directly steal away the cultivation of other profound practitioners in the future!?


 They had not gone into the depths of the God Realm of Absolute Beginning, but it was already littered with Divine King and Divine Sovereign profound beasts. Furthermore, the profound cores found within profound beasts were the same sort of existence as a human being’s profound veins, the profound energy found within them was no ordinary profound energy. Furthermore, it was also the power source of these strong profound beasts, so it was on a completely different level than the spiritual energy contained within profound crystals.


 He had used up most of the profound crystals they had plundered from the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect initially, and absorbing the power of profound cores had become as easy for him as breathing. As a result, even though Yun Che did not cultivate in any regular manner, his profound strength was dramatically increasing.


 When they had first arrived in the God Realm of Absolute Beginning, he had only just entered the Divine Sovereign Realm, but now, he had already reached the fourth level of the Divine Sovereign Realm.


 Every time a person raised their level in the Divine Sovereign Realm, it was undoubtedly as hard as scaling the heavens. It not only required a vast amount of resources, but it also required a genius profound practitioner to exhaust all of their efforts for the next thousand or even ten thousand years. However, within the short span of a year, Yun Che had, without any proper cultivation whatsoever, leapt past three of these heavenly walls consecutively.


 It was simply a pity that the only person who had witnessed these shocking miracles was Qianye Ying’er.


 He had not wasted any effort cultivating the profound way, because in this one year, Yun Che had spent all of his time and effort cultivating the Eternal Calamity of Darkness.


 Furthermore, with the existence of an excellent incubator like Qianye Ying’er, the speed at which his proficiency in the Eternal Calamity of Darkness increased had exceeded Yun Che’s own expectations.


 At this moment, his eyes suddenly opened and his gaze met with Qianye Ying’er’s own.


 Seven days. This had been the longest period of meditation he had achieved since he had entered the God Realm of Absolute Beginning.


 In this extremely dangerous place, even someone as strong as a god emperor would not dare to meditate alone in this place.


 The instant his eyes opened, a deep and profound black light suddenly flashed in the middle of his eyes.


 This black profound light was all too common to the “devils”. However, this profound light shot straight through Qianye Ying’er’s eyes and penetrated her soul, causing her heart and profound veins to violently shake.


 This was?


 “You suddenly went into hibernation for such a long period of time. It looks like you’ve achieved some sort of big breakthrough,” Qianye Ying’er said. Even amidst her great shock, her heart was still filled with great expectation.


 Yun Che slowly raised a hand. He stared at his own palm as he muttered in a low voice, “Finally... the process of merging with the devil blood is already half-complete.”


 “Devil blood?” Qianye Ying’er’s eyes faintly narrowed. “What else?”


 The process of merging the devil blood occurred when their bodies were connected, so it was obviously not possible that Yun Che had suddenly started meditating for seven days because of this alone.


 A bizarre smile suddenly appeared on Yun Che’s face as he stretched out his arm towards Qianye Ying’er, his fingers slowly curling up.


 All of a sudden, Qianye Ying’er’s entire body started to violently shake. Her darkness profound energy had actually started to toss and turn on its own as it was suddenly released from her body.


 The shock that Qianye Ying’er received was no ordinary shock. Her face suddenly changed and she swiftly started to suppress her profound energy which had started vibrating for no reason whatsoever. She could very clearly feel her darkness profound energy actually being controlled by a will that had come from somewhere else, it was as if an invisible hand was manipulating her profound energy.


 Yun Che lowered his arm and the black light in his eyes disappeared. It was only then that the feeling of being controlled by someone else disappeared. Qianye Ying’er retreated two steps, her golden eyes glaring at Yun Che... Given her knowledge of the profound way, those short few breaths had caused her jade face to be covered with fine beads of sweat.


 “This was... the ability you spoke about previously? The Devil Emperor power that would allow you to control all of the devils within the Northern Divine Region?” Qianye Ying’er spoke in an abnormally languid voice.


 A long time ago, Yun Che had told her that once he had cultivated the Eternal Calamity of Darkness, every living being that cultivated darkness profound energy would become his tool. She had never doubted his words... because this was a power that had come from the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor!


 But now that she had personally experienced it, she could not suppress the shock and fear in her heart, no matter how hard she tried.


 He was actually able to directly control someone else’s darkness profound energy... Such a thing actually existed in this world!


 “No, it still isn’t enough. It’s far from being enough,” Yun Che said in a low voice. “Currently, I’ve only just managed to step into the middle stages of the Eternal Calamity of Darkness. I am still very far away from successfully cultivating it and perfecting my control over it.”


 “Right now, to what extent can you interfere with someone else’s darkness profound energy?” Qianye Ying’er asked. Her current cultivation had been restored to the fourth level of the Divine Master Realm by Yun Che, yet her power had been so easily and violently influenced by him.... And this level of interference was achieved by him just starting to reach the middle stages of the Eternal Calamity of Darkness?


 “What I showed you just now should be my current limit,” Yun Che said in a coldly calm voice. “This level of power still does not give me the right to ‘cooperate’ with the Devil Queen as an equal. However...”


 His gaze darkened slightly. “At about this time next year should be the right time for that.”


 “No, there’s no need to wait for next year,” Qianye Ying’er said after she thought about it for a moment. “From today onward, you can cultivate your Eternal Calamity of Darkness using my body whenever you want. I think that given your capability, achieving your desired level of proficiency should only take...”


 Qianye Ying’er’s voice suddenly stilled as her head swiveled toward the south. “There are people approaching. And this aura belongs to...”


 “Someone from the Eternal Heaven!” Yun Che said, his voice extremely deep and heavy.


 The Eternal Heaven God Realm... the place that he had held the utmost respect for back then. But now, those four words were stained in boundless malice and hatred inside his heart.


 “Two people,” Qianye Ying’er released her spiritual perception as she continued. “Qu Hui, the head of the Eternal Heaven Adjudicators, the main host of the Profound God Convention that you participated in. The other person is... Mn?”


 Her eyebrows knitted together, as if she was wondering why this person would come to this place.


 “The Eternal Heaven Crown Prince... Zhou Qingchen!” Yun Che uttered the name of that aura’s owner with utmost confidence.


 Honorable Qu Hui and the Eternal Heaven Crown Prince. Both of these people had actually shown up in the God Realm of Absolute Beginning!


 “Let’s go!” Qianye Ying’er said with unparalleled decisiveness.


 “Change your aura,” Yun Che said.


 Qianye Ying’er’s eyebrows knitted together ferociously. “What do you want to do? Even though Zhou Qingchen is a useless piece of trash, he is still the Eternal Heaven Crown Prince who has been officially appointed by the Eternal Heaven God Emperor! If he is going to come to a place like this, it’s impossible that he only has Qu Hui protecting him. It is very likely that there are Guardians accompanying him!”


 Yun Che stood up and casually waved a hand over his face, changing his face into a completely foreign one. The wind element around him silently swirled as little eddies of air occasionally formed around him.


 As he smoothed his features, his face no longer looked gloomy and cold. Instead, he looked completely calm and even his gaze was filled with a warmth that induced good feelings from others.


 Qianye Ying’er stretched out a hand to grab Yun Che’s arm tightly. “What exactly are you about to do? Now isn’t the time, you’d better restrain yourself!”


 “Restrain myself?” Yun Che barked out an exceptionally cold and dreadful laugh. “Do you know who he is... He is the Eternal Heaven God Emperor’s most beloved son! His son!!”


 Qianye Ying’er, “...”


 “He is so close to me right now! How can I possibly hold myself back!? Why would I even want to hold myself back!?”


 “What will you accomplish by killing him?” Qianye Ying’er’s hand was still firmly latched onto Yun Che’s arm, “Taking such a great risk to vent a moment of hatred. Is it truly worth it?”


 “Kill him?” Yun Che was still laughing and the already shocking grin he wore on his face actually turned even more terrifying at that moment. “Why would I want to kill him? I’ll even send him back to his father, that old dog Eternal Heaven, in one piece, completely safe and sound... He won’t even be missing a hair on his head. He might even have a few extra things after I’m done with him.”


 Qianye Ying’er, “???”

