

Chapter 855 - Illusory Demon Crisis

  

 Five Way Region was located northwest of the Illusory Demon Realm. There were no cities present in the region and it was simply a piece of wasteland. However, a large army was safeguarding the region day and night, all year round. That year, this place was the starting point of Profound Sky Continent’s infiltration into Illusory Demon Realm. Back then, the Four Great Sacred Grounds paid a great price to construct a spatial profound formation and its exit was right here.


 At the same time, this place could be considered the end point of the infiltration that year. Though the Four Great Sacred Grounds were strong, the number of people that could be transferred was limited. With Demon Imperial City as their home ground, the battle eventually pushed the people from the Four Great Sacred Grounds back here and the final ferocious battle unfolded in this Five Way Region.


 Even till today, traces of disasters left behind by that ferocious battle a hundred years ago were still present here.


 Not too long after the disappearance of the Little Demon Emperor, the exit of that spatial profound formation disappeared. However, Demon Illusory Realm was still unable to ascertain whether the Four Great Sacred Grounds had completely closed off the spatial passageway for good. In order to prevent the other party from re-opening the exit, a large elite army would always be keeping watch, day and night. Among them, there were even several disciples from the Guardian Families.


 A hundred years had passed and not a single anomaly had appeared. Forget about the profound formation making a reappearance, even the slightest of irregular spatial ripples was never sighted at all.


 Following after the calm of Duke Huai’s upheaval, the Little Demon Empress regained her authority and even obtained astonishing strength. The pressure on the guards here had thus plummeted as well. In the past, this was a dangerous land that concerned the safety of Demon Imperial City but now, it would often be filled with laughter and sounds of happy guards. There was no longer even the slightest bit of heavy or suppressive atmosphere.


 In the early hours, the sky had just turned bright. If it was a year ago, it was most likely the time for a change in shift as per schedule. Presently, however, the various powerful guardian districts of Five Way Region were filled with snores and those guards who were on night duties were in a mess as well. It was seemingly impossible to find a person who still maintained his clarity and alertness. Even the leaders coming from the Guardian Families were all sound asleep.


 Right at this moment, in the skies above the center district of Five Way Region, space severely distorted all of a sudden. An abnormal profound light weakly flashed and then, in the span of a few short breaths, it released an eye-piercing profound radiance, drawing out a small sized profound formation that was merely a meter in length.


 A spatial profound formation that only allowed a single person to pass through once!!


 In the instant the spatial profound formation was formed, a black figure gently descended from within.


 A suppressive aura that felt as though it had originated from purgatory enveloped the entire Five Way Region, waking up all the soundly sleeping guards in thick, trembling fear.


 Demon Imperial City, Yun Family.


 It had been exactly three months and there had yet to be any news of Yun Che and the Little Demon Empress since they had entered Golden Crow Lightning Flame Valley. Though Yun Qinghong was still consoling Mu Yurou especially calmly and peacefully like before, he had actually long been blazing with anxiety.


 Today, he had once again gone another night without sleep, as he silently stood in the courtyard, staring blankly until the sky brightened. Finally, he was no longer able to restrain himself and was preparing to head over to Golden Crow Lightning Flame Valley again like yesterday.


 At this moment, an incomparably intense energy ripple was suddenly released from his sound transmission jade.


 With a heavy heart, he quickly picked up the sound transmission jade. Glancing at the sound transmission imprint, he realized it was actually coming from Yun Zheng, a disciple from Yun Family who was stationed at Five Way Region!


 Yun Qinghong’s brows fiercely twitched. The number of disciples stationed at Five Way Region was not many but every single one of them was a leader of either a small or large group of soldiers. As for Yun Zheng, he was the leader among all the Yun Family disciples stationed in Five Way Region. Usually, he would send a routine sound transmission at the end of each month to report on the situation among the guards and there had never been a situation where he would send a sound transmission at any other times.


 “Patriarch... Save... us...”


 The voice transmitted by the sound transmission jade contained an agonized and hoarse voice, as though it was uttered by someone who would soon meet his death, carrying deep fear and despair.


 Yun Qinghong was shocked, growling. “Yun Zheng, what happened over there!?”


 “Hehehehe...” What replied him was the sound of sunken laughter.


 Though it was merely the sound of laughter and did not carry the slightest bit of the other party’s aura, it still fiercely pressed down on Yun Qinghong’s chest and even his breathing had suddenly turned abnormally rapid.


 “Who are you?” Yun Qinghong said with a sunken voice.


 “Regarding this sovereign’s identity, why don’t you make a guess... Yun Qinghong.” Behind the sinister voice was Yun Zheng’s bitter and frail groans.


 Yun Qinghong’s hair stood on end and his pair of hands trembled, as though at any moment, he could shatter the sound transmission jade due to the loss of control of his strength. The heavy name which had been binding his heart in this few days, surfaced within his mind...


 “Xuanyuan... Wentian!?”


 “Well done.” The voice on the other side softly praised and then continued with an amused tone. “Yun Qinghong, inform the Little Demon Empress that within the next hour, this sovereign shall grandly descend upon Demon Imperial City. Furthermore, it will just be this sovereign alone. Have her bring the Mirror of Samsara and personally welcome this sovereign’s. This sovereign might even consider pardoning Demon Imperial City then. Otherwise, this sovereign will have all of you witness what true fear is.”


 “WUARGHH—”


 The final sound that reverberated was Yun Zheng’s scream and following after was the sound of the sound transmission jade shattering.


 “!!!”


 Bang!!


 The sound transmission jade in Yun Qinghong’s hand was also immediately shattered by the squeeze of his hand due losing control of his profound energy. His back was ice-cold and his heart felt as though it was being pressed down by a hundred and fifty ton gigantic boulder, incomparably heavy.


 If it was three months ago, suddenly hearing news of Xuanyuan Wentian... forget about Xuanyuan Wentian, even if he received the sudden report of the Four Great Sacred Grounds making another infiltration, he would still remain incomparably calm. However this time, the arrogance that was carried within that voice, as though he was a deliverer of judgement, had informed Yun Qinghong that only he alone had arrived. It made his hands shiver intensely and he only managed to calm himself down after taking in a few dozen breaths.


 Because, the present Xuanyuan Wentian was not the Xuanyuan Wentian of a hundred years ago but someone who could defeat Little Demon Empress!!


 The strength that Little Demon Empress possessed after she awakened her bloodline was powerful beyond compare and had even broken the record in the history of the Illusory Demon Realm. Duke Ming, who was supposed to be undefeatable in the Illusory Demon Realm, merely had the power to flee when facing her. During this period, the Illusory Demon Realm had seemingly regarded the Little Demon Empress as a divine spirit. The Twelve Families and the countless Duke Palaces were all behaving obediently as well and none dared to carry the slightest bit of treacherous intention or disobedience.


 After the situation in the Illusory Demon Realm had completely settled down, taking revenge on the Profound Sky Continent would no longer be a mere dream but a matter that was within reach.


 But to be capable of defeating the Little Demon Empress... That immense power was something Yun Qinghong and even the entire Illusory Demon Realm, was unable to imagine or comprehend!


 Furthermore, the Little Demon Empress was still inside Golden Crow Lightning Flame Valley. If Xuanyuan Wentian were to break into Demon Imperial City, the consequences would be completely unimaginable!


 Yun Qinghong’s expression immensely changed. Then, he fiercely gnashed his teeth, as he had finally made a heavy decision. His arm suddenly struck towards the sky and an astonishing lightning bolt exploded apart in the sky above the Yun Family residence, releasing out a lightning light that had seemingly filled the skies of Illusory Demon Realm with a purple glow.


 “Purple... Purple Cloud Tribulation Order!!”


 To the Yun Family, this purple lightning bolt was no less important than lightning from the Ninth Heaven. From the highest echelons of Grand Elders to the most regular of Yun Family disciples, all leapt up as though they had been struck by lightning and they madly charged towards Yun Qinghong’s position.


 The Purple Cloud Tribulation Order was Yun Family’s summoning order used for extreme emergencies. Even during the chaos brought upon them by the Profound Sky Continent a hundred years ago, the Purple Cloud Tribulation Order was never used. Because the Purple Cloud Tribulation Order would only be used at the moment when the Yun Family was standing at the border of life and death!


 The sudden appearance of the Purple Cloud Tribulation Order had not only startled the Yun Family but also the entire Demon Imperial City, the Twelve Families and especially the countless Duke Palaces. When they saw the purple lightning that filled the skies above the Yun Family, none of them failed to pale from astonishment. The various Patriarchs, Elders and Dukes basically did not spare any time to think, as they put down all of the matters they had on hand and charged towards the Yun Family household at their fastest speeds.


 The Yun Family was in a complete mess and the skies above the Illusory Demon Realm were instantly filled with human figures flying towards the Yun Family household, like locusts swarming through.


 “Patriarch! What happened!?” All of the Yun Family Elders charged over hectically and they said with unstable emotions. The moment they saw Yun Qinghong’s expression, their hearts had even skipped a beat because Yun Qinghong’s face was enveloped with a layer of gloom that they had never seen before.


 “Father!!” Xiao Yun flew over while holding Number Seven Under Heaven by her arm. Number Seven Under Heaven’s abdomen was already heavily bloated, as the infant in her belly was already sufficiently nourished and she could give birth at any moment.


 “...” Yun Qinghong however did not speak up for a long while. In his surroundings, even more Yun Family disciples had arrived while panting.


 It had only been a short few dozen breaths since the Purple Cloud Tribulation Order was released and all of the Yun Family disciples had already gathered in one area, without a single exception. All of them looked straight at Yun Qinghong, their faces carried unease and panic. Even after all the Yun Family disciples had gathered, Yun Qinghong still remained silent.


 For a moment, the oppressing atmosphere made it hard for people to breathe.


 “Patriarch Yun!!”


 Several loud roars sounded from all directions. The various Patriarchs, Elders and Dukes had all arrived in flaming anxiety and then, they surrounded Yun Qinghong. Looking at the formation encompassed by the Yun Family, their hearts started beating wildly as well. With their understanding of Yun Qinghong, if not because of a heaven-bending matter, he definitely would not have done such a thing.


 “Qinghong, just what in the world happened?” Mu Feiyan said with a stern expression.


 “Could something have... happened to the Little Demon Empress?” Greatest Ambition Under Heaven said anxiously.


 Yun Qinghong swept a glance at his surroundings. Most of those who should be here had arrived. He took in a heavy breath. “It seems like none of you received the report from Five Way Region?”


 “Five Way Region?” Everyone present looked at each other. “What happened in Five Way Region!?”


 “...” Yin Qinghong was now absolutely certain that the troops in Five Way Region had all lost their lives at Xuanyuan Wentian’s hands. Furthermore, it was in a such an extremely short timespan that they did not even have the slightest bit of opportunity to transmit a message outside. As for Yun Zheng, he was purposefully left alive.


 Yun Qinghong said in a sunken voice. “Xuanyuan Wentian has already infiltrated Five Way Region... In less than an hour, he will make his way here to Demon Imperial City!”


 “Wh... What!!?”


 All of them were utterly astonished, while Greatest Ambition Under Heaven and Mu Feiyan who knew of the internal circumstances had both roared out loud, their faces had instantly lost all color.


 “Brother Yun, how many people have Xuanyuan Wentian brought this time? Does is it comprised of merely Mighty Heavenly Sword Region or have all Four Great Sacred Grounds came?” Su Xiangnan anxiously said.


 “...Only him alone.” Yun Qinghong said.


 The moment he said this, the crowd let out long sighs of relief. Su Xiangnan’s expression soothed and then he said with a sharp voice. “Alone? Hmph, is he here to send himself to death!?”


 “But, why is he coming alone? Could a problem have occurred with the spatial profound formation?” Yan Zijing said skeptically.


 “No, this matter is not as simple as you people think. Although he is alone... That person is Xuanyuan Wentian!!” Greatest Ambition Under Heaven said agitatedly, cold sweat had already drenched his entire forehead.


 “This... Why is that?” The entire crowd was filled with doubtful looks.


 “Since things have come down to this, there’s no longer a need to conceal it any further,” Mu Feiyan sighed heavily. They had wanted to wait for the Little Demon Empress’s return and have her make the final decision on this entire matter. They never expected that after three months had passed, there would still be no movement from Golden Crow Lightning Flame Valley. He clenched his fists tightly and he said with an incomparably heavy voice. “The present Xuanyuan Wentian can basically no longer be treated as the same Xuanyuan Wentian of a hundred years ago. Does anyone know why the Little Demon Empress has been staying in Golden Crow Lightning Flame Valley for the past three months?”


 “Wasn’t it said that the Little Demon Empress had brought Young Patriarch Yun to Golden Crow Lightning Flame Valley to heal his injuries? ... Could it be, there’s still other hidden reasons behind it?”


 “That’s right!” Greatest Ambition Under Heavenly fiercely gnashed his teeth. “The one injured is not limited to Young Patriarch Yun... Even the Little Demon Empress suffered heavy injuries, to the extent... to the extent where she was forced to ignite her origin blood. And, the person who forced her to such an extreme, was exactly Xuanyuan Wentian!”


 “In other words, the present Xuanyuan Wentian, is someone even Little Demon Empress... is unable to defeat!”


 This declaration was as though thunder had blasted right next to everyone’s ears. Among the various Patriarchs and Dukes up above and the crowd of Yun Family disciples at the bottom, none of them was not astonished with gravely twisted expressions, as though they had heard a clap of thunder.


 “That... That’s impossible! How is that possible...” Su Xiangnan said with a trembling voice. “Though Xuanyuan Wentian’s strength is incredible and might have even surpassed the former Demon Emperor’s but... but how could he possibly be the Little Demon Empress’s match?! In just a short hundred years, even if he had a heavenly fortunate encounter, his strength couldn’t possibly rise by such a degree.”


 “This is true.” Number One Under Heaven said with a stern voice. “That was something which Xiao Yun and I, along with Little Seventh, personally witnessed in the Profound Sky Continent! We can’t figure out what kind of demonic technique Xuanyuan Wentian used but he actually managed to possess someone else’s body and his strength has grown to an incomprehensible degree. Even after igniting her Golden Crow origin blood, the Little Demon Empress was still defeated... Furthermore, she almost lost her life at Xuanyuan Wentian’s hands.”


 Xiao Yun and his wife quickly nodded as well.


 “If Xuanyuan Wentian has really come, it means that his injuries have completely healed... This is disastrous.” Number One Under Heaven’s tightly clenched fists trembled. Because he had seen Xuanyuan Wentian’s terror first-hand and had personally experienced the fear brought about by him...


 “...” Immense astonishment and disbelief surfaced on everyone’s faces. The sky was filled with the sounds of people taking in cold breaths.


 After the Little Demon Empress awakened her bloodline, her strength had grown to an incomprehensible extent and just by releasing her might was enough to shake the bodies and souls of these Monarchs, drowning them in chilling silence. They had firmly believed that the Little Demon Empress’s strength was bestowed by the Golden Crow Divine Spirit. Not a single person in the history of Illusory Demon Realm could match her and even among the countless experts that resided in the Illusory Demon Realm, it was impossible for anyone to be the Little Demon Empress’s opponent.


 The countless citizens of the Illusory Demon Realm had even begun to revere the Little Demon Empress as a divine spirit.


 They never expected that...


 If the incident of the Little Demon Empress’s defeat were to spread, it would definitely ignite an uproar on an extremely large scale.


 “No matter the case, if he truly is alone, how can we possibly be afraid of him?” a duke said but his tone carried a degree of frailty, with no backing to his words whatsoever.


 Yun Qinghong slowly shook his head and calmly said, “Back then, when Duke Huai almost succeeded in taking the throne, in the end, whose power turned the tide? It wasn’t us but the Little Demon Empress herself!”


 “Duke Huai Palace had patiently prepared for so many years and had won over countless forces and experts. Back then, even if the former Demon Emperor were to return alive, there was hardly a possibility to turn the tide. But, the Little Demon Empress was able to. It was not because her prestige had surpassed the former Demon Empress but because her absolute strength made the crowd of experts under Duke Huai Palace lose all ability to retaliate. It was as though they were children, she defeated them in the blink of an eye!”


 “Anyone should know that after having her bloodline awakened, the degree of strength that the Little Demon Empress possessed had already surpassed the realm of ‘Monarchs’ and there’s an extremely high possibility that it reached the legendary divine way. This plane-surpassing absolute strength can no longer be dealt with by just numbers. Otherwise, the power that Duke Huai Palace had accumulated for several hundred years would not have fallen apart in the blink of an eye with just the power of the Little Demon Empress alone.”


 “And since Xuanyuan Wentian could defeat the Little Demon Empress, needless to say, his strength has definitely reached that level as well... Furthermore, his strength is even a step higher than the Little Demon Empress’. He’s basically not an enemy that the collaborative strength of people of our level can possibly deal with!”


 Yun Qinghong’s tone were very calm but every single word of his was incomparably heavy, as they pressed down heavily on the hearts of everyone present.


 “Qinghong, have you already thought of a countermeasure?” Su Feiyan said.
This creation is firmly rooted in the depths of Nøv€lß¡n★

 “There’s only one final resort.” Yun Qinghong lightly sighed.

