

Chapter 1167 - The Conferred God Battle Begins

  

 “Yun Che, have you told others that you’re from the Blue Pole Star?” Mu Bingyun asked.


 She was flying at a very slow speed as she brought Yun Che along with her. Yun Che was thinking of meeting the person he was missing so much, and she was thinking of leaving the Eternal Heaven Realm as soon as possible. Neither of them was interested in the Conferred God Battle. It was her first time in so many years racking her brains for the sake of another person. Yun Che was her savior, after all. She had promised him back then that she would help him meet the Heavenly Slaughter Star God. Mu Xuanyin repeatedly telling her to take care of him was not really the main reason behind her supporting Yun Che.


 Yun Che pondered a bit before replying, “Except you, Master, and Senior Sister Xiaolan, there is no one else who knows about it... Oh, on my first day in Freezing Snow Hall, I told Feng Mo that I’m from the Blue Pole Star. However, that happened during a casual conversation, so he should have long forgotten about it.”


 When he first arrived at the God Realm, it was simply impossible for him to think that things would develop to this point. Therefore, he wasn’t the least bit wary about mentioning his origins at the time. But, he never mentioned the name of the planet he came from ever again.


 Mu Bingyun lightly nodded her head, “That’s good then. Due to what you did yesterday, your name has been spreading like wildfire. Currently, countless people in the Eastern Divine Region want to personally see the person who has entered the Conferred God Battle with a profound strength of the first level of the Divine Tribulation Realm. Those interested in you will likely inquire about your information, and will even investigate your origins. You must make sure to remember that the planet you originate from is called... Neptune.”


 Mu Bingyun should be mentioning the name of a planet that didn’t exist.


 “...Okay,” Yun Che obediently replied.


 “I contacted your master with sound transmission to have her quietly spread the information of you being from ‘Neptune’ in the Snow Song Realm. Now, even if someone is paying special attention to you, and wants to investigate your place of origin, they would have no way to look for it.”


 “Mn.” Yun Che nodded his head, as he felt deeply moved in his heart. When he first came to the God Realm, he was like a grain of sand floating inside a vast ocean. He never thought that there would come a day when he would be greatly well known in this world, and attract the attention of people who were at an extremely high level.


 ...Although it was more infamous rather than famous...”


 Especially, when he would directly give up on the competition today, he would become the target of ridicule and countless sighs... from the people of the entire Eastern Divine Region.


 However, that doesn’t matter at all... I’ve never been a part of this world.


 “Oh right, Palace Master Bingyun, the four great god emperors are all present at the Conferred God Stage. Even the Dragon Monarch and a god emperor of the Southern Divine Region have come. What is the major event that you all discussed over? How is this session of the Profound God Convention related to this ‘major event?’” Yun Che asked.


 Mu Bingyun looked ahead, “It certainly is a major event, but not something that you and I have the capability to get involved in. We are about to reach the Conferred God Stage. If you’re interested in knowing about it, I’ll tell you later.”


 The Conferred God Stage had already appeared in their line of sight. It was this time that two figures swiftly flew over from another direction.


 Jun Wuming, Jun Xilei!


 Coincidentally meeting the master-disciple pair, Mu Bingyun slowed her speed, as she lightly greeted, “Senior Sword Sovereign.”


 It might be a bit awkward for her to meet him here due to the incident that happened in the Snow Song Realm, but Jun Wuming was, after all, a senior who had an extremely high reputation and cultivation in the Eastern Divine Region. Therefore, Mu Bingyun was still courteous to him.


 “...” Although Jun Wuming didn’t say anything, he did return her greeting with a nod. Afterwards, the master-disciple pair flitted past them.


 “I can’t believe how loathsome that Yun Che is. Every time I see him, I feel an almost uncontrollable urge to kill him with my own hands,” Jun Xilei said resentfully while gnashing her teeth. She had followed Jun Wuming as she practiced the art of sword, and her heart had always been calm like still water. But it was only when Yun Che was in front of her that she would suddenly feel the impulse to kill.


 Furthermore, he had continuously employed such despicable means that could only be held in contempt, and actually entered the Conferred God Stage in the end. “Disciple feels deep shame to be grouped with someone like him. I didn’t expect that the Eternal Heaven Realm...”


 “Lei’er,” Jun Wuming said. “Make sure not to underestimate...”


 He had far more understanding of the amazing nature of such “invisibility” than Jun Xilei. However, considering her hatred towards Yun Che, he inwardly sighed before changing his words, “Make sure not to underestimate any of your opponents. Don’t be distracted by other thoughts before the Conferred God Battle.”


 “...Understood.” Jun Xilei felt awakened in her heart, and her mind rapidly calmed down.


 By the time Mu Bingyun and Yun Che arrived at the Conferred God Stage, nearly all the audience from the thousands of great star realms was already present. As Yun Che appeared there, countless gazes of various kinds swept over him at the same time.


 After his deeds spread throughout the Eastern Divine Region for a whole day, Yun Che was absolutely getting an amazingly great amount of attention at the moment. Be it due to curiosity or to see him make a joke of himself, this super unusual one who had made his way into the Conferred God Battle with profound strength at the first level of the Divine Tribulation Realm, had now become the biggest attraction of the Conferred God Battle.


 When the other Conferred God Candidates saw Yun Che, the majority of them snorted in extreme disdain.


 Yun Che didn’t go to the battle preparation area, and instead directly sat down in the seating area of the Snow Song Realm. With all kinds of gazes staring fixedly at him, the expression on his face didn’t change in the slightest. Rather, it was the other people from the Snow Song Realm who felt restless.


 “Brother Yun,” Huo Poyun’s voice came from the adjacent seating area. He was sitting in the seating area of the Flame God Realm, as he said sincerely, “In the Conferred God Battle, we definitely need to go all out, so as to not have any regrets later. I believe in Brother Yun Che’s strength... No matter the result, you’ll certainly give all of them a shock.”


 Yun Che nodded with a faint smile, but didn’t say anything in reply.


 “Yun’er, in the Conferred God Battle this time, all other participants except for you and Yun Che, are going to be from the upper star realms. The previous Conferred God Battles were totally monopolized by those from the upper star realms. As for that foolish boy Yun Che... forget about him. You have to give it your best. Not only for our Flame God Realm, but also for the glory of all the middle star realms,” Huo Rulie instructed his disciple.


 “No, there is one more person,” Yan Juehai interrupted him. “That youngster called Wei Hen should also not be from an upper star realm. It’s just that I don’t know why he would hide his place of origin, despite having the opportunity to be famous everywhere, and receive the honor of a lifetime? Moreover, even his name should be fake.”


 “Like I care about him,” Huo Rulie said without the slightest interest. “If the Eternal Heaven Realm truly wants to investigate his place of origin, it would be a walk in the park.”


 The four great god emperors together arrived before long. Soon after, God Emperor Shitian and the Dragon Monarch also came, one after another.


 “Oh? This old man thought that the Dragon Monarch would certainly not be interested in this Conferred God Battle,” the Eternal Heaven Emperor said with a smile.
The initial posting of this chapter occurred via noovelllbbin

 “Haha, now that this dragon has come here, how can I not personally witness the heroic bearing of the young generation of the Eastern Divine Region?” the Dragon Monarch replied while smiling slightly.


 “There is no other thing to do anyways, so I came to watch,” God Emperor Shitian said smilingly. “Tsk, perhaps something interesting might happen again like yesterday, right?”


 “Hmph, do as you wish.” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor was already no longer as polite to Cang Shitian as he was the day before.


 “Qu Hui, let’s get it started!”


 It was the time for the competition to begin. Profound light glittered on the Conferred God Stage, as a screen of light soared into the sky, reaching as high as several hundred meters. There were thirty-two names engraved orderly on the screen of light.


 Thirty-two Conferred God Candidates!


 Honorable Qu Hui was not only in charge of the third round of preliminaries, he was also going to supervise the Conferred God Battle. He stood in the sky over the center of the Conferred God Stage. His eyes appeared like cold swords, which terrified the heart of anyone who looked at them, due to the power and chilliness contained within them.


 Honorable Qu Hui gave a long speech on the customs of the Conferred God Battle, and introduced the Thirty-two Conferred God Candidates of this generation.


 Finally, he changed the tone of his voice.


 “This Conferred God Battle will have the same ‘double elimination system’ as in the past. Those who keep winning their fights will stay in the ‘Conferred Gods Group.’ The ones who lose once will fall into the ‘Losers Group,’ and will be then eliminated if they lose again! The opponents of each fight will be randomly decided by the adjudication profound formation.”


 “Once you lose your consciousness, admit defeat, continuously do something that violates the rules, or are later than fifteen breathes to enter the battlefield, you will be determined to have lost.” The gaze of Honorable Qui Hui turned solemn, as he pointed to the Conferred God Stage that was one hundred and fifty kilometers below him. “Once you get struck out of the area of the Conferred God Stage, you will be determined to have lost in that case, too!”


 “The participants are not allowed to use contracted beasts or any special profound item, including body protection profound items. It is not allowed to use any sort of medicine, either, but there is no such restriction on weapons!”


 “If it becomes impossible to decide the result of a fight in a short period of time due to some special reason, then the respected god emperors will decide the winner and loser!”


 “Furthermore, as everyone will be going all out during their fight, it will be hard to avoid getting injured. Thus, no one must complain about it. However, if one side has already admitted defeat, you are not allowed to continue attacking your opponent. Also, you must not attempt to kill your opponent due to personal grudges or malice... Hmph, do keep in mind that that you cannot conceal anything from the eyes of this honored one or the respected god emperors.”


 “Lastly...” Honorable Qu Hui swept his gaze around him, before saying slowly. “I will once again state the rule that you all should be aware of. Regardless of what happens during a fight, only this honored can get involved in it... No other person is allowed to interfere in the fight! Otherwise, don’t blame this honored one to be merciless with you!”


 There was sternness in each of the words spoken by Honorable Qu Hui, causing all the people listening to him feel a chill in their hearts. However, Honorable Qu Hui didn’t really need to remind them of this rule. Who would dare to interfere in the Conferred God Battle, in front of the eyes of all the god emperors that were present here?


 Everyone present was quietly staring at Honorable Qu Hui, and it was solely Yun Che who was constantly looking in all directions. His gaze would especially sweep past the seating area of the Star God Realm, over and over again...


 But, he didn’t see the figure of Jasmine, nor did he sense her aura.


 She will definitely come. Right now, she is definitely on her way here—Yun Che repeatedly said in his heart.


 “Today, sixteen initial battles will be held, and no one will be eliminated. But, the result of your fights will affect the fate of your battles tomorrow.” Honorable Qu Hui descended from the sky, and he landed before the gigantic screen of light. “The sixteen winners will join the ‘Conferred Gods Group,’ and the remaining sixteen losers will join the ‘Losers Group.’ Your opponents today will be decided by the adjudication profound formation!”


 The moment Honorable Qu Hui finished his words, rays of light suddenly flashed on the screen of light behind him. At the same time, the names of the Thirty-two Conferred God Candidates disappeared from it.


 When the names appeared again, the opponents of each round had been determined!


 Everyone at the Conferred God Stage could extremely clearly see the match-up list for the first round of Conferred God Battle. It was also being displayed in every corner of the Eastern Divine Region through the projections of the star god tablets.


 Battle 1: Flame God Realm 【Huo Poyun】——VS—— Shrouding Sky Realm 【Lu Chenyuan】


 “Battle 1!? Yun’er, you are in Battle 1!”


 As soon as the match-up list appeared, Huo Rulie let out a loud roar, as he immediately stood up in excitement. Yun Che raised his head to surprisingly find Huo Poyun’s name listed on the top of the list.


 His opponent was from one of the three greatest and strongest star realms—Shrouding Sky Realm!


 “Lu Chenyuan is the twin younger brother of Lu Lengchuan, one of the Four God Children of the Eastern Region, as well as the seventy-third son of the Shrouding Sky Realm King. He turned forty-seven years old this year, and has a cultivation of the eighth level of the Divine Spirit Realm,” Yan Juehai said in a low voice as he knitted his brows. “Not only is Poyun going to be fighting in the first battle, he will also have to face such a powerful opponent.”


 “He is indeed a powerful opponent.” Huo Rulie also secretly breathed in surprise, but he didn’t show the slightest sign of nervousness on his face or in his behavior. Instead, he laughed loudly, “Yun’er, Master is already proud of you for coming this far. It doesn’t matter whether you win or lose this fight, you just have to try your best.”


 “Master, rest easy. Disciple will never fear any of his opponents.” Confronting the enormous oppressive power that the name of Lu Chenyuan possessed, Huo Poyun was calm and undaunted. Following, he widened his eyes all of a sudden, as he blurted out, “What a coincidence... Brother Yun! You’ll be fighting in the next battle!”


 While Huo Rulie was speaking, Yun Che saw his name too.


 Battle 2: Holy Eaves Realm 【Luo Changan】——VS—— Snow Song Realm 【Yun Che】


 It was certainly very coincidental for Huo Poyun and him to be fighting in the first and second round respectively. His opponent was... the son of the Holy Eaves Realm King, and the elder brother of Luo Changsheng who was the strongest among the Four God Children of the Eastern Region—Luo Changan!


 Yun Che and Huo Poyun were the only two participants from the middle star realms. Not only were their fights arranged in the first two battles, both of their opponents were... from the three strongest great star realms, namely, the Holy Eaves Realm, Glazed Light Realm, Shrouding Sky Realm.


 It was just that compared to Yun Che’s opponent, Luo Changan, who had profound strength at the sixth level of the Divine Spirit Realm, Huo Poyun’s opponent, Lu Chenyuan was obviously much stronger.


 However, Yun Che was not the least bit concerned about his opponent. But then at this time, his heart jumped all of a sudden.


 This is...


 He raised his head as fast as lightning, and his line of sight locked onto a person in an instant.


 Wei Hen!


 He was firmly staring at the screen of light. This person, whose face remained stiff the whole time and seemed to be completely devoid of emotions, had a slightly contorted face at this moment. His pupils were fixedly staring at the screen of light, as he clenched hands which were trembling faintly.


 Due to being too intensely agitated, he also slightly lost control over his power that he had kept hidden tenaciously all this while.


 Yun Che’s gaze swiftly returned on the screen of light.


 Battle 3: 【Wei Hen】——VS—— Thunderclap Realm【Li Jianming】


 Thunderclap Realm... Li Jianming?


 Why would he suddenly react like this?


 Could there be such a coincidence...? Is this person called Li Jianming his objective!?

