

Chapter 665 - Frozen Clouds Way Out

  

 Ye Qingsheng’s memories revealed that it was indeed Ye Xinghan who had ordered them to kidnap Xia Qingyue. Ye Qingsheng’s father, the Divine Hall Master, and Heavenly Monarch, Ye Meixie, didn’t know about it at all. On top of that, Ye Xinghan greatly valued Xia Qingyue. At first he wanted to come to Frozen Cloud Asgard himself, but because the profound art bottleneck had loosened all of a sudden, he had no choice but to send Ye Qingsheng and Ye Ziyi instead.


 Why did Ye Xinghan capture Xia Qingyue...


 From Ye Qingsheng’s memories, it could be confirmed that Ye Xinghan indeed had never seen Xia Qingyue before! Half a year ago, the name “Xia Qingyue” wasn’t even mentioned.


 Mighty Heavenly Sword Region’s... elder?


 Yun Che was silent for a good while, then a name suddenly flashed in his mind...


 Ling Kun!!


 “Jasmine...” Yun Che lowered his eyebrows and asked, “Back then, at the Blue Wind Ranking Tournament, when you told me Xia Qingyue possessed the ‘Heart of Snow Glazed Glass’ and the ‘Nine Profound Exquisite Body,’ you mentioned that the ‘Heart of Snow Glazed Glass’ shouldn’t have appeared in this plane, so no one could identify it. But if there was a chance for someone to notice the ‘Nine Profound Exquisite Body’...”


 “So you think the reason Ye Xinghan kidnapped Xia Qingyue is because of her ‘Nine Profound Exquisite Body’?” Jasmine asked indifferently.


 “That’s right.” Yun Che nodded and said, “Ye Xinghan found out about the existence of Xia Qingyue from an elder of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region, yet... Frozen Cloud Asgard is basically isolated from the world throughout the year. The disciples rarely leave the asgard, and have no connection with the Four Great Sacred Grounds! But in the Four Great Sacred Grounds, there is indeed a person who had seen Xia Qingyue... and it was exactly someone from Mighty Heavenly Sword Region!


 “It was at the Blue Wind Ranking Tournament held in Heavenly Sword Villa five years ago... Ling Kun from Mighty Heavenly Sword Region!


 “In the memories of this person named Ye Qingsheng, the memories related to this ‘Ling Kun’ surmount to more than anyone else in Mighty Heavenly Sword Region. In Mighty Heavenly Sword Region, only those who stepped into the Sovereign Profound Realm could be qualified to become an elder. Ling Kun’s profound strength is only at sixth level of the Tyrant Profound Realm, but he was already appointed as an official elder in Mighty Heavenly Sword Region. The reason is because, even though his profound strength is slightly lower, he is wise and full of stratagems... or incredibly cunning and extremely shrewd. He acts as the ‘think tank’ in Mighty Heavenly Sword Region and is extremely trusted and valued by Sword Master Xuanyuan Wentian. Not only do the other elders of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region not look down upon him due him having an elder status with lower profound strength, they all deliberately make nice with him... Also, he is the person who stayed outside of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region for the longest, so he is very experienced and knowledgeable. Whenever there is some major event for which Mighty Heavenly Sword Region needs to send someone, most of the time it would be this Ling Kun!”


 The information about Ling Kun in Ye Qingsheng’s memories made Yun Che’s heart run cold. He interacted with Ling Kun twice before... once was in Heavenly Sword Villa, and the other was in Divine Phoenix Empire. When he was in Heavenly Sword Villa, Ling Kun once spoke to him in front of everyone and invited him to join Mighty Heavenly Sword Region. Back then, Yun Che’s profound strength was lower and he had no background or no reputation, but Ling Kun did this type of action that shocked and confused everyone. Now that Yun Che thought of it, that showed Ling Kun’s incredibly sinister judgement.


 At the Seven Nation Ranking Tournament in Divine Phoenix Empire, the person who attended from Absolute Monarch Sanctuary was Spiritual Master Ancient Blue, who was in an extremely high position, from Sun Moon Divine Hall was their Young Master Ye Xinghan, and Supreme Ocean Palace sent Ji Qianrou, whom both Feng Hengkong and Ye Xinghan feared to some degree. Only Mighty Heavenly Sword Region sent a “low-level elder” like Ling Kun... Thinking about it now, that wasn’t because Mighty Heavenly Sword Region was not interested in the Primordial Profound Ark, but it was because Ling Kun had enough ability.


 With a contained temperament, sinister eyes, deep shrewdness, and extensive knowledge... it was definitely possible for him to know of the existence of the “Nine Profound Exquisite Body.” Jasmine had said that the most distinctive characteristic of the “Nine Profound Exquisite Body” was that it ignored natural law... and when Xia Qingyue of the Earth Profound Realm was fighting against Ling Yun, facing Ling Yun’s Sword Spirit Doppelganger, she casted a Frozen Cloud Domain that could only be casted by one in the Emperor Profound Realm... Ling Kun, who was present, naturally witnessed it in its entirety!


 If it was him who found out about Xia Qingyue’s “Nine Profound Exquisite Body,” then everything would be easy to explain.


 Jasmine said lightly, “The Nine Profound Exquisite Body is a superb training incubator. If it really was Ling Kun who discovered Xia Qingyue’s Nine Profound Exquisite Body, why didn’t he take it and enjoy it himself or give it to someone from Mighty Heavenly Sword Region instead of leaking it to the people of Sun Moon Divine Hall?”
The origin of this chapter's debut can be traced to N0v3l--B1n.

 “Very simple.” Yun Che said in a low voice, “The Nine Profound Exquisite Body was difficult to find even once every ten thousand years. If he used it himself and was discovered, the upper echelon of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region would definitely be unsatisfied or might even be angered! Furthermore, if he gave it to the top, strong practitioners of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region, it would only be something that a subordinate ought to do to honor the superior. At most he could receive some ‘reward.’ But if he gave it to Ye Xinghan, it would be entirely different!


 “Ye Xinghan was cultivating a type of dual cultivation heretic art. Almost everyone who knew about the Four Great Sacred Grounds knew about this. Every year he would secretly kidnap a large number of women to be training incubators. If he heard about the ‘Nine Profound Exquisite Body,’ he would definitely be overjoyed and would pursue it at any cost! So Ling Kun himself didn’t take action on Xia Qingyue and didn’t notify Mighty Heavenly Sword Region. Instead, he told Ye Xinghan... The reason Ye Xinghan only knew about it six months ago was probably because Ling Kun only told him about the existence of ‘Nine Profound Exquisite Body,’ but didn’t tell Ye Xinghan who the person who owned the ‘Nine Profound Exquisite Body’ was and instead proposed an even higher wager. Until half a year ago, when Ye Xinghan finally finished gathering the wager, he found out about Xia Qingyue’s name and her location from Ling Kun!”


 While Yun Che was speaking, his eyebrows also locked even tighter because the more he thought in this direction, the more he felt that was possible.


 “Ling Kun...” Yun Che said this name in a low voice and marked it as danger in his mind.


 Other than that, Yun Che also retrieved more information that surprised him from Ye Qingsheng’s memories... The Phoenix God of Divine Phoenix Sect didn’t actually die and appeared once again three years ago after the Primordial Profound Ark had disappeared. It released an overbearing pressure that covered the sky which shocked and frightened the people of the Four Sacred Grounds and punished Ye Xinghan.


 What happened? Feng Xue’er said so herself that the Phoenix God had disappeared a long time ago. The Grand Elder of the Divine Phoenix Sect, Feng Feiyang, also colluded with Ye Xinghan because of the passing of the Phoenix God...


 Could there still be more hidden secrets?


 But... no matter what, even if the Phoenix God really was still alive, the Divine Phoenix Empire trampling on Blue Wind Nation... must still be paid back tenfold!


 “Sun Moon Divine Hall... why is it Sun Moon Divine Hall.” Murong Qianxue’s face was a little pale. She was angry, confused, and panicking uncontrollably... but that was Sun Moon Divine Hall, one of Profound Sky Continent’s Four Sacred Grounds, the highest existences in all of Profound Sky Continent. Not mentioning fighting against them, just hearing their name would bring about an incredibly heavy pressure. “We never crossed Sun Moon Divine Hall and didn’t even have any contact with them, why did they attack us!?”


 “Sun Moon Divine Hall... how could it be...” Chu Yueli’s eyes were still in a fog of confusion. Not only Frozen Cloud Asgard... this was a name that was enough to make almost all the forces in Profound Sky Continent feel desperate.


 “The goal of Sun Moon Divine Hall is still not clear, but we will get to the bottom to this eventually." Yun Che faced the disciples and said calmly, “Two Asgard Mistresses both passed away because of this calamity. You must hate Sun Moon Divine Hall to the bones now, and the people who were sent by Sun Moon Divine Hall were all killed by me... They didn’t achieve their goal and even suffered a loss. Sun Moon Divine Hall will also definitely not let it rest. Under these circumstances, if our Frozen Cloud Asgard wants to exist under the shadow of Sun Moon Divine Hall, there are only two ways.”


 "May Asgard Master be explicit.” Listening to what Yun Che was saying, the expression in everyone’s eyes became imposing in a serious manner.


 “First way, evacuate from Snow Region of Extreme Ice,” Yun Che said slowly. “Those twelve people all died here. With Ye Xinghan’s temper, he will definitely be furious. Not long after, more people from Sun Moon Divine Hall will come and put Frozen Cloud Asgard in greater danger. Therefore, this place is not suitable to stay in anymore.”


 Leave the Snow Region of Extreme Ice...


 Looking at the endless ice and snow within their vision and the familiar Frost Flower Snow Pond, their eyes were all quivering, speechless for a long period of time.


 Murong Qianxue sighed softly and said, “Asgard Master, we all understand what you said. If we continued staying here, an even more severe calamity will befall us any moment. Facing Sun Moon Divine Hall, we cannot fight against them at all with our strength. But... the thousand year history of Frozen Cloud Asgard was all here for thousands of years. Resources, memories, arts, legacies, backgrounds, and even the bodies of our ancestors are all here. In addition, just based on the environment, there is probably no other place more suitable than here to cultivate the Frozen Cloud Arts and the Frozen End Divine Arts. If we all leave here, this place will definitely be completely destroyed by the raging Sun Moon Divine Hall... Even if we saved our own lives, our Frozen Cloud Asgard... would then only exist in name...”


 “Asgard Master, then what is the second way that you mentioned?” Mu Lanyi asked with hope.


 The Frozen Cloud disciple’s reactions were similar to what Yun Che had predicted. This place was a freezing place that was isolated from the world. Even without the dignity and foundation of their sect, they were already used to everything here. They were already used to the endless snow and cold. Their resistance to the people from the outside world was almost an instinct, and they rejected fitting into the outside world even more from the bottom of their hearts and souls. He answered with a serious expression, “The second way is simple. That is to directly face Sun Moon Divine Hall, use our own strength to guard this place... and one day, make Sun Moon Divine Hall pay for the debt of blood!”


 Yun Che’s words once again caused their eyes to go blank and their mouths silent for a long time.


 Because... that was Sun Moon Divine Hall.


 In Blue Wind Nation, they were an lofty existence. Even if they faced Heavenly Sword Villa, they wouldn’t be frightened at all. But against Sun Moon Divine Hall... Even if their strength was ten times or even a hundred times stronger, it was a huge monster that was absolutely impossible for them to fight against.


 Taking a survey of all the forces of the Profound Sky Continent, who would dare to oppose Sun Moon Divine Hall, who would dare to become enemies with them... and who would dare to say something like “make Sun Moon Divine Hall pay for the debt of blood.”


 “But...” Feng Hanyue said timidly, and was immediately interrupted by Yun Che, “No ‘buts,’ the reason we’re still staying here is absolutely not waiting for death, and what I said just now was also absolutely not an idiotic fantasy!”


 “The situation now is actually not that bad,” Yun Che stated seriously. “When the twelve people were attacking our Frozen Cloud Asgard, they were constantly and deliberately hiding their identities. They obviously didn’t want to be exposed. After all, Sun Moon Divine Hall is a ‘Sacred Ground.’ If news of them attacking Frozen Cloud Asgard without any reason got out, it would definitely hurt their reputation. Also, this attack was ordered by the Young Hall Master of Sun Moon Divine Hall, Ye Xinghan. The Hall Master of the Divine Hall, Heavenly Monarch Ye Meixie, didn’t know about it at all. Therefore, Ye Xinghan’s actions later on shouldn’t be too important, and he would even try very hard to cover it up.”


 “With your current strength, even if it is only a few underlings from Sun Moon Divine Hall, it would be hard for you to resist. But, if you believe my words...” The expression in Yun Che’s eyes became serious as he declared, “I have a way to make all of the senior sisters and junior sisters’ profound strength reach the Emperor Profound Realm in half a year!”


 “Make the six junior masters and senior masters that are already Thrones... all become Overlords!”


 Feng Hanyue and Feng Hanxue’s crystal-like eyes all widened as large as they could, even their mouths were opened wide... All of the Frozen Cloud disciples were all shocked still.


 Because what Yun Che said now was a thousand times more preposterous than to “make Sun Moon Divine Hall pay for the debt of blood”...


 This Chapter’s Teaser

