

Chapter 1604 - Two Hornet Nests

 Two figures approached the Thousand Desolation Mountain from afar.


 They were both middle-aged men with similar figures. The one on the right was clothed in black and had a black beard. His face was stiff and cold and it radiated a chilling and intimidating might even though he was not angry.


 His name alone could turn any of the territories in the Thousand Desolation Realm upside down.


 The Thousand Desolation Sect Master! He was also the great realm king of this vast Thousand Desolation Realm.


 The person beside him was of fair complexion and he did not have a beard. His face was kindly and his features were even and regular. In fact, he looked completely docile and harmless. However, as the two of them sped through the air, his position was, astonishingly enough, ahead of the Thousand Desolation Sect Master.


 If anyone in the Thousand Desolation Realm saw this scene, they would be shocked silly.


 Furthermore, there was a scarlet flaming moon embroidered on his clothes,. The sight of this symbol was enough to make any profound practitioner in the Northern Divine Region shudder in fear.


 That was the symbol of one of the three great king realms of the Northern Divine Region—the Burning Moon King Realm!


 “Ninth Uncle, your purpose here today is to check on the ‘vital object’?” the Thousand Desolation Sect Master said. As the most exalted existence in this realm, a Divine Master who stood at the peak of the profound way, he spoke to the person beside him in a deeply reverential and respectful manner. He had even unconsciously bent forward a little as he spoke to him.


 “Do you think that I really came all the way here to celebrate Tian’er’s six thousandth birthday?” the middle-aged man said with a hearty laugh.


 “...Ninth Uncle’s words are correct,” the Thousand Desolation Sect Master said in a rather embarrassed manner.


 “Hehehehe.” The middle-aged man laughed even more. “In the end, Tian’er is my grandnephew, so it’s perfectly natural for me to come all this way to give him a present for something as big as his six thousandth birthday. I hope the present this time will be to his liking.”


 The Thousand Desolation Sect Master hurriedly said, “Tian’er is unworthy of such words from Ninth Uncle. Even if Ninth Uncle’s gift is just a piece of ordinary stone, Tian’er will still definitely treasure it as much as he does his own life.”


 The middle-aged man laughed and glanced at him before suddenly saying, “Don’t worry, your ‘mission’ will soon be completed. At that time, I won’t only be bringing you back to the Burning Moon Heavenly Region, I will bring Tian’er along as well. Even though his lust for women is a bit excessive, when it comes to the profound way, his future accomplishments won’t be inferior to yours. Our king has already tacitly approved of this matter.”


 The Thousand Desolation Sect Master’s body suddenly froze but after that great euphoria swept over him and he spoke in an extremely excited voice, “Ninth... Ninth Uncle, Is this... Is this true!?”


 “Do you think I’d be lying to you about this?” The middle-aged man looked at the Thousand Desolation Mountain which was growing larger in his vision before he suddenly sighed emotionally and said, “Our king has waited for this moment for so many years and now he is about to obtain his heart’s desire.”


 The Thousand Desolation Sect Master found it hard to contain the excitement showing on his face. He opened his mouth and after several moments of hesitation, he finally could not help but ask, “Ninth Uncle, there is one thing I’ve never understood. Since it is such an important item, then wouldn’t the safest place be at the Lord God Emperor’s side? Why did we need...”


 The middle-aged man turned to look at him... The Thousand Desolation Sect Master’s eyes shrank back and he dared not utter a sound.


 The middle-aged man did not blame him. Instead he laughed and said, “Now that things have already come to this, there’s no harm in telling you. Because that item originally did not belong to our king. Rather... it was something our king obtained from the Clear Sky God Realm ten thousand years ago. He had taken advantage of the great chaos plaguing the Clear Sky God Realm at that time, and this all happened before the Clear Sky God Realm’s strange transformation.”


 “This...” The Thousand Desolation Sect Master felt a great shock bloom in his heart. He had never imagined that this matter actually had something to do with the former Clear Sky God Realm, which was also the present Soul Stealing Realm.


 “After that, the Devil Queen took control of the Clear Sky God Realm, and changed its name to the Soul Stealing Realm. Given her intelligence, she definitely found out about the existence of ‘that item’ from the Clear Sky God Emperor. The fruitless results of her search would naturally lead her to suspect that either our Burning Moon or the Hell Devil took advantage of Clear Sky’s strange transformation and stole it.


 “You’ve personally witnessed the power of the ‘Immaculate Barrier’. Even if you were standing half a foot away from it, you still wouldn’t be able to sense its aura. However, it does have one drawback. As a spatial item of the highest order, it cannot be contained in any small worlds. Even someone as strong as our king would not be able to store it in the pocket of space that accompanies him wherever he goes.”


 “Furthermore, this Immaculate Barrier is also something that the former Clear Sky God Emperor erected. As such, no one can guarantee that the people from the Clear Sky God Realm won’t have a way of locating its existence.”


 “Is the Lord God Emperor afraid that the Soul Stealing Realm will find out?” the Thousand Desolation Sect Master asked.


 “No, that’s only half the reason,” the middle-aged man replied. “No matter how intelligent the Devil Queen is, she would definitely never imagine that our king would actually leave such an important item in a sect located in another realm.”


 “The other reason is that the Devil Queen is simply far too terrifying, even our king definitely does not want to clash with her unless he has no other choice. If this thing is discovered by her, then...” He gave the Thousand Desolation Sect Master a deep look and said, “This matter has nothing to do with the Burning Moon King Realm or our king, do you understand?”


 “I understand.” The Thousand Desolation Sect Master immediately nodded his head, he did not dare to show the slightest hesitation. “Ninth Uncle, the words you just said... Has our Lord God Emperor found a way to open the Immaculate Barrier?”


 “Forcefully breaking open an Immaculate Barrier is simple, but if you did so, you would definitely damage the object contained within. Only the Clear Sky God Emperor, the person who set up the barrier back then, would be able to open this Immaculate Barrier without damaging the object inside it.”


 “However, even the power of an Immaculate Barrier will slowly dissipate over time. Our king has waited bitterly for ten thousand years and the power of the Immaculate Barrier has finally about run itself out. At that time, everything will be complete.”


 “Oh so that is how it is.” The Thousand Desolation Sect Master came to a sudden realization. After that, he said, “Speaking of these ten thousand years... Does Ninth Uncle still remember the matter regarding the Heavenly Handle Yun Clan? The time given to them is almost up.”


 “Hmph. You can settle a small matter like this however you please. There’s no need to ask,” the middle-aged man said in a casual and unbothered voice.


 “Yes,” the Thousand Desolation Sect Master replied.


 “This time, I will once again confirm the state of the Immaculate Barrier. If everything is as expected, then within a hundred years, the two of you will...”


 ROOOOOAAAAR!!!


 An earth-shaking dragon roar suddenly rang out from the Thousand Desolation Mountain in front of them. Even though they were still very far away, it still caused the souls of these two great Divine Masters to shake.


 After the dragon roar came a sudden eruption of golden firelight which filled the air in an instant.


 Their complexions dramatically changed at the same time. The Thousand Desolation Sect Master let out a startled cry, “Someone has invaded us!”


 “Let’s go!” The middle-aged man’s expression became extremely ugly. He grabbed up the Thousand Desolation Sect Master and rushed over.


 ————


 The birthday feast continued in the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince Hall. Even though the crown prince himself had abandoned the feast, no one would dare to insult him no matter how rude he was. Not a single person had left early.


 “Hahahaha!”


 A roar of great laughter filled the air as the “Thousand Desolation Crown Prince” swaggered back into the hall, his flushed face glowing with life.


 The Thousand Desolation Great Elder’s brows furrowed while everyone else got to their feet to welcome him, but he didn’t say anything... At least he still knew how to return and he had not died on top of that woman’s body.


 “Everyone has come here today for my sake, however I had no choice but to take my leave for a moment just now. It was very impolite of me.” The “Thousand Desolation Crown Prince” walked into the middle of the great hall and said in a clear and bright voice, “In order to assuage the guilt in my heart, I will take advantage of this birthday feast to give everyone a grand present.”


 The great hall immediately grew lively as all of the people present started to respond. Even the Thousand Desolation Great Elder looked intrigued. “Grand present? What present is His Highness going to give us?”


 The “Thousand Desolation Crown Prince” gave a faint smile. “Of course, it is... sending all of you to hell!”


 As his voice fell, black light flashed from his eyes and the divine image of the Primordial Azure Dragon appeared above him and suddenly unleashed an earth-shaking dragon roar.


 They were in the heart of the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect participating in the crown prince’s birthday feast and looking at the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince at this current moment, so why would any of the people present have their guard up? Thus, this dragon roar which had suddenly erupted had caught everyone... from the Great Elder and the Divine Sovereign hegemons to the younger profound practitioners. It caused all of their wills to collapse in a single instant. Everyone was either plunged into the darkness or an abyss of fear.


 Yun Che’s mouth split open into a cold and cruel laugh, golden flames igniting on his body. They spent one breath’s worth of time gathering together before they violently exploded outwards.


 Yellow Springs Ashes!


 In that instant, it was as if a scorching golden sun had exploded into life above the Thousand Desolation Mountain, plunging all of the people in the great hall and countless profound practitioners outside into a fiery hell of death.


 How could these profound practitioners whose souls and spirits had collapsed due to the power of the Dragon God Domain withstand the merciless incineration of the Golden Crow flames? They were swiftly burned to nothing within this sea of fire. Yun Che stretched out a hand and the Heaven Smiting Sword appeared. In the next instant, he had already rushed out, hurtling toward those powerhouses who were peak Divine Sovereigns and as a result, could resist being incinerated by the flames.
Ñ00v€l--ß1n hosted the premiere release of this chapter.

 Boom!


 An explosive sound rang out in this fiery hall, and the terrified and despairing Thousand Desolation Great Elder was instantly smashed into several pieces.


 Boom!


 It was the same blurring figure and the same explosion, and another peak Divine Sovereign, whose name shook the Thousand Desolation Realm, who was an invincible existence in one region or another, was smashed to death by a sword. He didn’t even leave behind a whole corpse.


 Boom! Boom!


 Four strokes of the sword had easily shattered four peak Divine Sovereigns like they were so much rotten wood. It was also at this time that Yun Che’s eyes suddenly twitched... because a dangerous aura was zooming in on them from the West.


 Even though this dangerous aura was still relatively far away, it had still locked onto him with incomparable precision.


 Yun Che put away the Heaven Smiting Sword and swiftly rushed toward Qianye Ying’er’s side. He grabbed her and said, “Let’s go!”


 BUZZ!!


 The storm around him wildly surged and he reached the very limit of his speed in the blink of an eye as he swiftly flew toward the east.


 “You evil creatures! Just lie down and accept your fates!”


 An enraged roar rang out behind the two of them.


 “Ah, they came back at a really bad time.” Qianye Ying’er swept a gaze behind her, her gaze sinking slightly. “A level one Divine Master and the other one is... very likely to be a mid-stage Divine Master!”


 “Looks like we won’t be able to silence them,” she muttered under her breath. “If that Untamed Divine Marrow was really hidden here by the Burning Moon King Realm... then we’ve really poked a huge hornet’s nest this time.”


 However, the two of them were still unaware of the fact that this Untamed Divine Marrow had originally belonged to the place that used to be the Clear Sky God Realm—the current Soul Stealing Realm.


 In other words, when they had taken the Untamed Divine Marrow, they had not only poked one giant hornet’s nest...


 They had poked two!


 After he had gained the power of the storm and had spent some time comprehending it and practicing with it, Yun Che could already borrow storm profound energy to raise his speed by another level. But even with that, it would still be hard for his maximum speed to rival that of a mid-stage Divine Master’s.


 The aura behind them was swiftly closing the distance. Yun Che’s eyes flashed and he opened up “Hell Monarch”, causing his speed to explosively increase once more... Instantly, the distance between the two parties stopped shrinking, but Yun Che was still unable to shake off the pursuit of the middle-aged man.


 Furthermore, he could not maintain the state of Hell Monarch for too long. The moment he reached the limit, they would not only be swiftly overtaken, but the huge burden placed on his body would also mean that his ability to fight back would be drastically weakened.


 Yun Che’s eyebrows knitted together slightly but he did not show any fear. It was the same with Qianye Ying’er.


 Behind him, the middle-aged man and the Thousand Desolation Sect Master, whom the middle-aged man had grabbed, were deeply shocked.


 “Who are these people? What sort of grudges do they have against you?” the middle-aged man asked, he felt as if an ocean was raging in his heart. It was impossible that he did not recognize someone who was able to match his speed. However, the aura of the people in front of him were clearly incomparably foreign.


 Furthermore, why did this kind of person attack the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect?


 “I have no idea,” the Thousand Desolation Sect Master said with incomparable surety. “We have never extended our power beyond the borders of the Thousand Desolation Realm over all these years, so there’s no way we’ve offended people from any other star realm. Furthermore, such an individual definitely does not exist in the Thousand Desolation Realm!”


 The middle-aged man eyebrows sank and his heart suddenly grew uneasy.


 The chase continued. The incredibly dreadful speeds they were racing at had generated equally dreadful storms over the huge distance they had already covered... At this time, Yun Che roughly looped an arm around Qianye Ying’er’s waist. Then, the Primordial Profound Ark appeared and the two people instantly vanished into thin air. They also vanished from the spiritual perception of the middle-aged man and the Thousand Desolation Sect Master.


 “Wha...” The two men went pale due to their shock. Their bodies abruptly halted in midair, but they could no longer detect the presence of Yun Che or Qianye Ying’er with their eyes or their spiritual perception. Not even a trace of their auras was left behind.


 Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er’s bodies appeared in the air above the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect. Yun Che stared at the building below him, his gaze dark and sunken. Black light flashed in his hand and he raised the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor Sword high in the air. In an instant, darkness filled the air.


 Even though the Primordial Profound Ark did not teleport a great distance this time, it still used up an extremely large amount of fuel... This had undoubtedly made Yun Che very upset.

