

Chapter 1204: Well, This Is Serious

 Chapter 1204 - Well, This Is Serious


 “Fairy Yingyue, what... are you trying to say?” Mu Huanzhi asked carefully.


 Although Shui Yingyue was technically a junior, she was also the Glazed Light Realm King’s daughter and one of the Four God Children of Eastern Divine Region. In the God Realm alone, her fame and status far exceeded a mere great elder of the Snow Song Realm already.


 Shui Yingyue was normally mild tempered, and she had to consider her reputation before taking any actions. It didn’t take a genius to figure out that something big must have happened for her to block Yun Che’s path right here, in Eternal Heaven Realm, in fury.


 Shui Yingyue ignored Mu Huanzhi completely and locked her gaze on Yun Che, the Jade Rivulet Sword pointing straight at his glabella. She asked angrily, “Speak! What did you do to my sister, Yun Che!?”


 From the elders to the disciples, every Snow Song Realm member had come out of their places to stand with Yun Che. At the same time, they turned to stare at Yun Che in confusion.


 However, Yun Che actually calmed down upon hearing Shui Yingyue’s outburst.


 Shui Yingyue’s question was “what did you do to my sister?” This meant that she actually had no idea what he did to Shui Meiyin.


 Hmm...


 One had to remember how thick the skin on Yun Che’s face was. First, he replaced the look of surprise on his face with puzzlement. Then, instead of stepping backwards in fright, he actually took two steps forwards and met Shui Yingyue’s threats politely, asking, “Fairy Yingyue, I don’t quite understand what you mean. I don’t know your sister, and she’s the one who initiated conversation the few times we’ve spoken with each other. In fact, the only time we’ve ever come into contact with each other is today’s Conferred God Battle... Did something happen to your sister? I honestly have no idea whatsoever. Is there a misunderstanding going on between us?”
Ñ00v€l--ß1n hosted the premiere release of this chapter.

 “Fairy Yingyue, Yun Che and Princess Meiyin have never come in touch with each other in private. Can we please hear the reason behind your anger?” Mu Bingyun said while stepping forward. Although she wasn’t shrouded in any frost energy, in reality a wisp of energy stood between Shui Yingyue and Yun Che. If Shui Yingyue really did lose her mind and attack Yun Che, she would be able to stop it immediately.


 Shui Yingyue’s aggression instantly weakened by several degrees when Yun Che’s honest, sincere, and even innocent-looking eyes met hers, but still she continued in a forceful manner, “Misunderstanding? How dare you claim that it was a misunderstanding at this point!? Meiyin left on her own, shut herself in her room, and has refused to see anyone after battling against you! She hasn’t even spoken a word until now... what on earth did you do to her!?”


 “I see...” Yun Che looked even more puzzled. “Maybe your sister has... suffered some mental injuries because she lost?”


 “Nonsense!” Shui Yingyue’s eyebrows furrowed. “Meiyin participated in the Profound God Convention as a way to entertain herself! She doesn’t care about winning at all, so there’s no way she would let herself get wounded like this!”


 She had progressed all the way to top six... while treating the Conferred God Battle as a game...? Every Snow Song Realm disciple who heard this dripped with sweat.


 Yun Che frowned slightly before a look of understanding passed across his face. Then, he said calmly, “Your sister possesses the strongest mental energy I’ve ever seen. To be honest, it is pure luck that I managed to beat her at all. Our mental battle was intense to say the least, so it’s only natural that some mental damage has lingered after the battle. Perhaps this is why your sister’s mental state is off right now.”


 “That’s right.” Mu Bingyun nodded slightly. “A mental battle is different from a profound energy battle. In the beginning, Princess Meiyin clearly had the upper hand. However, the tides were suddenly overturned in the end. When one side loses a fierce mental battle, they’ll almost certainly suffer a massive amount of mental rebound. It seems clear to me that Princess Meiyin’s abnormal reaction is due to the mental damage she suffered during the battle. If that is the case, then it is a normal reaction.”


 “Besides that, Yun Che and Princess Meiyin’s battle was fair and witnessed by all. They never engaged in any verbal sparring or physical contact, so I believe that your worries are unfounded.”


 “Yun Che, “...”


 Mu Bingyun’s explanation caused Shui Yingyue’s eyes to change in a flash. Slowly, she lowered the Jade Rivulet Sword and withdrew her anger.


 “Prehaps I have allowed my impulses to get to me.”Shui Yingyue’s tone turned amiable. “Yun Che, I’ll trust you... for now.”


 She then turned toward Mu Bingyun and bowed deeply. “Please forgive Yingyue for her rudeness. When my sister is recovered, and I’ve ascertained that it has nothing to do with Yun Che, Yingyue will personally pay you a visit and apologize for my transgressions.”


 In the beginning, Shui Yingyue had obviously allowed her worry and anger to get to her. However, she had also acted courteously and gracefully after she was able to calm down. Mu Bingyun said, “You love your sister deeply, Fairy Yingyue. It’s only natural for you to feel this way, and we are deeply impressed by your love. You don’t need to visit us and apologize at all.”


 Shui Yingyue nodded slightly, and the Jade Rivulet Sword vanished from her hand. She was just about to turn around and leave when a melodious voice suddenly rang from afar, “Sister!”


 Yun Che’s secret sigh of relief had just exited his nose when the sudden voice caused it to be sucked right back down his throat.


 Holy shit! I’m... I’m f*cking dead this time!


 The girl’s incredibly melodious voice was an echo beside everyone’s ears that refused to fade. A moment later, a delicate girl fell down from the night sky and landed right next to Shui Yingyue.


 Shui Meiyin brought about a delightful and spiritual aura. It dissipated everyone’s nervousness before they realized it.


 “Meiyin? Why... why have you come here?” Shui Yingyue was surprised by her sister’s sudden appearance, but when she noticed that Meiyin was all smiles once more—in fact, for some reason she looked even happier than before—she quickly relaxed on the inside.


 Yun Che soundlessly took half a step backwards.


 “It was all your fault, sister.” The tip of Shui Meiyin’s nose lifted a little. “Just now, Brother Ninety-nine told me that you stepped away angrily in order to interrogate Big Brother Yun Che, so I had no choice but to rush over. You... you didn’t get angry with Big Brother Yun Che and hurt him, did you?”


 “... No, I haven’t.” Shui Yingyue was a little caught off guard.


 Yun Che, “?”


 “Phew, thank goodness.” Shui Meiyin patted her small chest once as if she was sighing in relief. Then, she looked at Mu Bingyun and the Snow Song Realm members and bowed politely. “Hello everyone, senior, brother and sister from the Snow Song Realm. My sister must’ve offended you all, hasn’t she? Please don’t blame her for my mistakes. It’s all my fault.”


 Shui Meiyin’s voice was sweet, gentle, and sincere. It was like a sweet stream of spring water passing through everyone’s hearts.


 Shui Meiyin was like a gift from heaven. No one had the heart to reprimand her even if she did do something terrible, much less an “insignificant” matter like this one. That was why Mu Huanzhi quickly waved his hands smilingly, “It’s okay, it’s okay. It’s just a very minor misunderstanding.”


 “On the contrary, we are honored to be visited by the Two Beauties of Glazed Light, even though we are your seniors,” Mu Tanzhi echoed his sentiment.


 The two great elders of the Snow Song Realm were already like this, much less the disciples of the Snow Song Realm. They were so excited, so in awe, by the closeness and presence of the famed goddesses that they nearly couldn’t speak. They didn’t even dare take half a step forward because they were afraid that it would be blasphemy.


 “???” Yun Che was wearing a dumb look on his face: What’s going on? Something doesn’t feel right about this!


 “So, your abnormal reaction from earlier... had nothing to do with Yun Che after all?” Shui Yingyue asked in a much gentler tone. She was even staring at Mu Huanzhi and the others guiltily and apologetically.


 “Of course he’s related to it!” However, Shui Meiyin’s expression suddenly turned serious, and her tone turned heavy, “It’s all because he did those... bad things to me! Hmph!”


 Yun Che was already feeling scared and guilty when Shui Meiyin showed up. Now, his heart practically skipped a beat... what goes up must come down! He screwed the girl and now he had to pay for his sins!


 Shui Meiyin’s words caused everyone’s face to change instantly. In this scenario, “bad things” was about as bad it could be. Shui Yingyue’s anger had just gone down a moment ago, but now it was sparked into wildfire once more, one that was far bigger and deadlier than the original. Her star-like eyes turned completely cold as she approached Yun Che threateningly, “Yun Che! How... how dare you feign innocence! Speak! What on earth did you do to my sister!”


 “Ah!”


 Before Yun Che could say anything, Shui Meiyin suddenly let out a cry and stood between Shui Yingyue and him in haste. She even opened her arms wide as if to protect him. “Sis, why are you acting so fierce all of a sudden? You’ll scare Big Brother Yun Che like this!”


 Yun Che, “?????”


 Shui Yingyue was caught off guard for a second. She replied while frowning, “But didn’t you say he did some... bad things to you? I can’t possibly forgive him for that!”


 “Erm, erm...” Shui Meiyin’s voice turned soft as she bowed her perfect face slightly. A blush suddenly bloomed across her cheeks... Shui Yingyue was so shocked by the change that she almost thought her eyes were playing tricks on her.


 Then, Shui Meiyin looked up and stared straight into Shui Yingyue’s eyes. The blush hadn’t faded, but her eyes were sparkling like stars. “It’s true, I was pretty angry and sad at the time but after I spent a day thinking about it seriously, I finally figured something out. After that, I wasn’t angry at all. I was even a little happy.”


 Yun Che, “???????”


 Shui Yingyue’s eyebrows furrowed in deep puzzlement. “Meiyin, what on earth are you talking about? What’s going on?”


 “I want... I want...” The young girl bit her lips as she struggled for a moment. Then, her eyes grew firm as she turned around, pointed a finger at Yun Che and declared loudly, “I want to marry Big Brother Yun Che!”


 Ssst!


 Yun Che’s body turned weak, and he slipped on his feet. He nearly fell head first into the pond next to him.


 W...w...w...what!!??


 It was as if the earth had shattered alongside Shui Meiyin’s declaration. If everyone from the Snow Song Realm looked dumbstruck, then Shui Yingyue looked like she was struck by thunder. She froze on her feet for a very long time before she finally said in disbelief, “What... what did you say just now?”


 Shui Meiyin actually looked a lot more comfortable after she had spoken her wish the first time. She jumped two steps backwards and stood prettily next to Yun Che. Then, her features curled slightly into a smile. “I said, I want to marry Big Brother Yun Che, hehehehe.”


 Yun Che: “(￣□￣；)(ヾ????)(?_?)(○o○)~！@#￥%...”


 The world instantly turned as silent as death. Nearly everyone was wondering if their eyes had gone haywire. Mu Huanzhi and Mu Tanzhi in particular wore expressions that looked like they had just suffered strokes. They couldn’t even spit a word out of their throats until much later.


 It was a feat that brought honor to one’s ancestors for a middle star realm denizen to marry an upper star realm denizen. But Shui Meiyin... was the daughter of the Glazed Light Realm King and the number one proud daughter of heaven in the entire Eastern Divine Region. Yun Che might have made himself famous, but the status gap between him and Shui Meiyin was still like the status gap between a loach and a phoenix. If Shui Meiyin were to marry Yun Che...


 Well, if a phoenix were to marry a loach... it would definitely be something that shocked the world, and one on a big scale too!


 “What... what nonsense are you spouting!?” Shui Yingyue’s brain was demolished right now, and her anxiety only burned stronger when she saw the clear determination in Shui Meiyin’s expression.


 “I’m not spouting nonsense. I mean every word I said.” Shui Meiyin only looked more and more determined. She took another step closer to Yun Che, to the point where it looked like they were glued together. “He’s the one I want to marry.”


 She turned sideways and looked at a stupefied Yun Che. She said a little embarrassedly, “Big Brother Yun Che, you did those bad things to me, so you’re the only one I can marry now. You must take responsibility and be good to me, you hear?”


 Yun Che: “~！@#￥%......”


 Not only did Shui Meiyin not withdraw her antics, she was acting more and more intimate to Yun Che by the second. Shui Yingyue’s scalp felt numb as her mind fell into disorder. “You... be quiet already! You’ll come back with me right now!”


 If Shui Meiyin’s declaration were to spread, it would literally become the joke of the century. At this point teaching Yun Che a lesson was the last thing on her mind. The only thing she wanted to do now was to drag Shui Meiyin away from here.


 “I don’t wanna!” But Shui Meiyin rejected her immediately and pressed her head against Yun Che’s arm. She said embarrassedly, “I still have so many things I want to talk to Big Brother Yun Che about.”


 Yun Che: “~！@#￥%......” (Who am I? Where am I? What am I doing?)


 Shui Yingyue: “~！@#￥%......”


 “Yingyue, Meiyin, what are you two doing here?”


 Just when the atmosphere had taken a turn for the strangest, an amiable voice suddenly came from afar. At the same time, a vast and boundless aura descended soundless from above, and for a split second Yun Che thought the blue sky was falling on their heads.


 “This... this is...” Mu Huanzhi and everyone else’s faces changed drastically into shock.


 Shui Meiyin’s eyes lit up and she cried out happily, “Daddy!”


 Da... daddy?


 Shui Meiyin’s father...


 The... the Glazed Light Realm King!?!?


 There was a buzz, and Yun Che’s head nearly exploded on the spot. First, it was Shui Yingyue. Then, it was Shui Meiyin. Now... it was the Glazed Light Realm King!! The great realm king of one of the three strongest upper star realms and the man who was inferior only to the four great emperors of the Eastern Divine Region!


 Well, this is serious...

