

Chapter 890 - The Other Sky Poison Pearl (1)

  

 Upon leaving the Primordial Profound Ark, Yun Che and Su Ling’er sat against each other for an entire night at the side of Cloud End’s Cliff. They talked about what happened all these years or perhaps more accurately, what happened in this lifetime.


 In regards to the pitch black abyss below them, they were not the least bit anxious at all. Both of them had jumped down Cloud’s End Cliff before and their fates had completely changed because of it. It was obviously the “Death God’s Graveyard” that everyone in the Azure Cloud Continent talked about and yet, it did not devour their lives. Instead, it had completely mended their severed fates.


 After that, Su Ling’er fell asleep smoothly in Yun Che’s grasp and when she woke up, it was already noon the next day.


 “Big Brother Yun Che, after we go to the place called Illusory Demon Realm, are we really unable to return anymore?” Su Ling’er asked as she watched Yun Che with a tender expression, but her voice did not show much unwillingness.


 “At least, in the short term, we would probably not be able to return. The amount of energy within the Primordial Profound Ark was only sufficient to travel to and from from the Illusory Demon Realm to the Azure Cloud Continent once. But if Ling’er wants to come back, I can think of something,” Yun Che said seriously.


 However, Su Ling’er smiled lightly and shook her head, “With you and Father here, anywhere is fine.”


 As she spoke, she took out a profound crystal that was intertwined with a yellow glow from her shirt. Judging by its aura, the profound crystal seemed to hiding some sort of unique profound formation.


 Immediately, Yun Che deduced that it had to be the “precious treasure key” Su Hengshan gave her. It was because this “precious treasure key” attracted many eyes of avarice that there was an internal conflict within the Grandwake Clan. In the end, it even attracted the attention of Seven Stars Divine Palace, resulting in the disbandment of the Grandwake Clan.
The initial instance of this chapter being available happened at N0v3l.Bin.

 Gripping the profound crystal in her hand, Su Ling’er forcibly threw it towards the Cloud’s End abyss.


 They watched the orange-yellow arc into the endless world of the abyss alone and eternally be buried within; the so-called supreme treasure of the sect would now no longer attract greed and disaster ever again. Su Ling’er’s face did not show any heartache or unwillingness but only a short moment of anxiety and sadness... before revealing a relaxed smile.


 “Big Brother Yun Che, I want to return to the Grandwake Clan first. There are still some things from my mother there that I cannot bear to part with.”


 “Okay,” Yun Che naturally expressed his complete consent, “Let’s return to the Primordial Profound Ark. If I use the Primordial Profound Ark, it would only take an instant to return from here to the Grandwake Clan.”


 However, Su Ling’er shook her head and smiled cheekily, “I refuse! I want Big Brother Yun to carry me and fly there. Last time, it was always me that carried you. Now, I want you to repay everything back.”


 “...Alright!” Yun Che’s emotions were riled and his eyes were slightly warm. That’s right, in the past, she had always carried him... when he was covered in blood. However, he had not even hugged her warmly more than a few times. Other than enjoying her tireless care and her tears filled with concern, he was the one who roughly released his beastly desires onto her.


 Putting away the Primordial Profound Ark, Yun Che wrapped his arms around Su Ling’er’s waist and leapt into the air. Accompanied by her dreamlike laughter, Yun Che moved by stepping on the air.


 Yun Che moved at slow speeds and it took nearly two hours before they flew out of the Mythical Abode Mountain Range’s borders and returned to the borders of the Country of Supwake. In the process of flying out of the Mythical Abode Mountain Range, he detected numerous energy waves. He counted that there were a total of thirty seven different auras of Seven Stars Divine Palace disciples.


 Obviously, they were trying to find who was it that killed their people. After all, an elder of Seven Stars Divine Palace being brutally murdered was an earth shattering event within the entire Azure Cloud Continent.


 If it were before, when his remaining hatred had not been quelled, he would make all the divine palace disciples that had come to Mythical Abode Mountain Range die there and cause Seven Stars Divine Palace to be even more enraged. Now however, he couldn’t be bothered to even give them another glance.


 Looking at the Country of Supwake’s territory from afar, Yun Che’s gaze gradually became dreamy.


 “Big Brother Yun Che, is something on your mind?” Su Ling’er who had been listening to the sounds of the wind and the heartbeat sounds of Yun Che asked in concern.


 “I’m thinking... where would Master be right now? Should I go and find him?” Yun Che heaved a faint sigh, “In the Azure Cloud Continent now, Master must still be safe. however, what’s different is that he does not have me by his side and has never possessed the Sky Poison Pearl before.”


 “It’s just that...” Yun Che laughed self mockingly, “he brought me up, imparted me medicinal skills and taught me how to be kind and benevolent. However, after his ‘passing,’ the amount of people I killed were several million times more than the amount of people I saved. Do I even have the face to see him?”


 “No,” Su Ling’er softly consoled, “Master was such an amazing person. How would he not be able to differentiate whether Big Brother Yun Che was a good or bad person? He loved you so much back then. If he were to see you again, even if he did not recognize you, he would surely like you like before. Because my Big Brother Yun Che possess such charm.”


 “Hahaha...” Su Ling’er’s words that were filled with infatuation made Yun Che laugh. However, in his heart, he was still hesitating about whether or not he should go and search for his master. He desired to see him again but was also afraid of meeting him. He was even more afraid that his appearance might disturb his peaceful life.


 The current Azure Cloud Continent did not have the existence of the Sky Poison Pearl which meant that his master would no longer meet with a disaster due to the possession of a treasure. Instead, he would be widely respected. As for him, no matter where he went so far, bloodshed would follow. He was afraid that his appearance might destroy his master’s peaceful life.


 After leaving the Mythical Abode Mountain Range, the two of them continued flying north, in the direction of the Country of Supwake. After traveling another fifty kilometers, Yun Che’s eyebrows suddenly twitched... because an exceptionally strong profound aura came not far ahead of him.


 The aura of more than forty people who were in the Sovereign Profound Realm!!


 Among them, the strongest three were already in the ninth level of the Sovereign Profound Realm!


 Other than the sovereign profound aura, there were more than two hundred Tyrant Profound auras present as well.


 Among the three continents on Blue Pole Star, the combined profound cultivation of the Profound Sky Continent was the strongest and the Illusory Demon Realm was weaker than the Profound Sky Continent. As for Yun Che’s understanding of the Azure Cloud Continent, the combined profound cultivation on the Azure Cloud Continent was to some degree, weaker than the Illusory Demon Realm.


 The three strongest sects within the Azure Cloud Continent were the Heaven Thwarting Sect, Seven Stars Divine Palace, and Soaring Celestial Sword Sect. Each one of them possessed strength that was similar to a middle class guardian family within the Illusory Demon Realm.


 Ninth level of the Sovereign Profound Realm was essentially the pinnacle of strength within the Azure Cloud Continent. As for the tenth level of the Sovereign Profound Realm, they currently existed within the Profound Sky Continent and the Illusory Demon Realm, but for the Azure Cloud Continent, it seemed as though there were only records of their appearances before.


 Therefore, the appearance of forty odd Sovereign Profound Realm auras... was an extremely exaggerated figure in the Azure Cloud Continent.


 Then, the three who were in the ninth level of the Sovereign Profound Realm were essentially the same as the gathering of the Four Sacred Masters in the Profound Sky Continent.


 Furthermore, all the profound auras will obviously split into three sections and each of their combined strengths was largely similar.


 To be able to pull off something like that, there was no other possibility in the Azure Cloud Continent.


 Heaven Thwarting Sect! Seven Stars Divine Palace! Soaring Celestial Sword Sect!


 The three most pinnacle sects of Azure Cloud Continent were actually gathered in the Country of Supwake and they had brought such an outrageous lineup... It was highly likely that even their three sect masters were present. Just what was going on?


 What was so worth it within the tiny Country of Supwake that the three supreme sects would take such huge actions?


 “Big Brother Yun Che, what’s wrong? Is something happening in front?” Seeing Yun Che’s eyebrows slightly knitted together, Su Ling’er asked curiously.


 Yun Che’s eyes turned back and he laughed, “There seems to be a bunch of people causing trouble in front. I guess we had better move away from them? Or should we just fly past above their heads?”


 Su Ling’er laughed at his strange question.


 If it had been Yun Che alone, he would have definitely gone forward to investigate. However, he had Su Ling’er in his grasp now so she was obviously the one that mattered the most. He did not hesitate much as he greatly changed directions and lowered his high speed.


 As he approached this exaggerated aura closer and closer, Yun Che used Hidden Flowing Lightning to hide the aura of both him and Su Ling’er. He had not wished to frighten Su Ling’er again because of some outsiders.


 However, when he passed by, he was still driven by curiosity and released his spiritual sense to listen to the commotion nearby.


 “Sect Master Zuo, you have indeed still come.” The voice came from a middle aged man and each word he uttered was filled with exceptionally dense profound energy. He was one of the three level nine Monarchs present.


 “Hohoho,” The one who was called “Sect Master Zuo” let out a long laugh and said with some contempt, “That’s natural. I heard that this object that would harm the world has appeared and it is a duty of our clan to exterminate it. As for Sect Master Mu, have you specifically come to exterminate it as well?”


 “That’s natural, however, it seems that I am very ‘uncoincidentally’ handling the same matter as Sect Master Zuo. In order to get rid of that trouble, Sect Master Zuo has personally come, even sacrificing by prematurely coming out of seclusion, wasting a heaven sent chance to breakthrough for nothing. This is really the ultimate self sacrifice.”


 Sect Master Mu’s words sounded like compliments but as long as one was not an idiot, one could hear the mocking behind each and every word.


 “Heheh, same here. Speaking of which...” Sect Master Zuo attempted to shift the conversation onto the other person, “Palace Chief Duan, I heard that an elder and several dozen disciples of your palace were murdered sometime back. For Palace Chief Duan to appear in this tiny Country of Supwake so suddenly, could you be personally handling the investigations?”


 “Hoho,” the one who had been called “Palace Chief Duan” laughed. “My palace’s elder was killed outside. Such a matter has not happened for more than a thousand years. This was not just simply the lives of one elder and several dozen disciples, it’s also a big shame that my divine palace has suffered for the first time in a thousand years. Of course this palace chief has to personally handle this! Instead, coincidentally meeting Sect Master Mu and Sect Master Zuo who also personally appeared, now that is such a strange coincidence.”


 “Who says it isn’t , hahahaha......”


 The three of them began laughing and within each of their laughters, obvious coldness could be felt.


 Their auras, language and greetings for one another immediately allowed Yun Che to confirm their identities.


 Heaven Thwarting Sect’s Sect Master Zuo Hanshuo!


 Seven Stars Divine Palace’s Palace Chief Duan Heisha!


 Soaring Celestial Sword Sect’s Sect Master Mu Yingchan!


 The three of them had actually came in person.


 Furthermore, they obviously had the same motive!


 For this same motive, they had all not descended and collided strongly against one another.


 Just that it was uncertain why they took such strong measures.


 Yun Che brought Su Ling’er and quickly passed the region of the three great sects. The further Yun Che went, the words and voices that he could hear gradually became weaker.


 Just as Yun Che was prepared to retract his spiritual sense, he heard one of them say, “Very good... since we have the same goal, should we force the ‘trouble’ out before deciding who should handle it?”


 “Sect Master Mu is right,” Duan Heisha happily agreed before his voice suddenly turned cold and he let out a deep pressurising howl. “Yun Gu, since you already know who we are, don’t choose the hard way out. Immediately hand us the Sky Poison Pearl!”


 Yun Che, who had already flown a long distance away, seeme to have been struck by lightning as he came to an abrupt halt.

