

Chapter 496 - Illusory Demon Realm

  

 Illusory Demon Realm... Illusory Demon Realm...


 Yun Che’s mind burst into disorder... It had already been three days since he arrived at this world, and in this time, he didn’t intentionally ask around for the name of this world. After all, this was a completely unfamiliar strange world, and the name of this world was basically unimportant to him. Furthermore, asking other people for the name of this world held the risk of him being seen as a crazy idiot.


 The name of this world, was unexpectedly Illusory Demon Realm!


 Impossible! It definitely couldn’t be the Illusory Demon Realm he knew of; it must only be a lucky coincidence the names were the same! The Primordial Profound Ark had gone through eighteen months of space travel... it was space travel, not simple flight! And even if it was the most basic of flight, in an entire span of eighteen months, it was enough for Yun Che to travel across who knows how many continents with his speed. So, with eighteen months of space travel, who knew which corner of the boundless universe he would arrive at... the distance across the Profound Sky Continent, must be an incomparably frightening astronomical distance!


 And the Illusory Demon Realm he knew of, was actually on the same star as the Profound Sky Continent and Azure Cloud Continent.


 Eighteen months of shuttling through space, how could he still be on Blue Pole Star!


 Furthermore, enmity between the Illusory Demon Realm and Profound Sky Continent had always existed. The people from the Illusory Demon Realm even had some means to reach Profound Sky Continent, and perhaps people from Profound Sky Continent had also once entered the Illusory Demon Realm; between the two, some news must be known about each side... If the Primordial Profound Ark also appeared in the Illusory Demon Realm every three hundred years, over the millenniums, and possibly even tens of millenniums of history, it was extremely likely that the Profound Sky Continent knew something. However, when he was at the Divine Phoenix Sect, he hadn’t heard the least bit of news regarding this.


 That’s not right... it must only be a coincidence!


 Yun Che thought long and hard about this, but at the same time, other than the name... the Illusory Demon Realm was a world where man and demon coexisted, and this place was the same. The ruler of the Illusory Demon Realm was known as the Demon Emperor, and the main city in front of him, was known as the Demon Imperial City...


 Is it truly a coincidence... or is it... or is it...


 “Brother Yun, are you alright?” Seeing Yun Che’s sudden daze and rapidly fluctuating expression, Number One Under Heaven questioned.


 Yun Che slowly raised his head, his expression appearing imposing and misty: “Brother Under Heaven, Yun Xiao, Seventh Sister, have you all... heard of a place known as... Profound Sky Continent?”


 Having said the three words “Profound Sky Continent”, a slight trill appeared in Yun Che’s voice. This was because that place which he had left for two years was land that was truly a part of him, and contained many people he cared for with all his heart. If this place was truly the Illusory Demon Realm he knew about, returning to Profound Sky Continent wouldn’t be that unattainable.


 And he clearly noticed, when he brought up the words “Profound Sky Continent”, the expressions on Number One Under Heaven and the others were not of confusion, but of... a slight change!


 “Not only have I heard of it, it is as clear as lightning penetrating one’s ear.” Number One Under Heaven replied without hesitation: “Brother Yun possesses such strength at such a young age, it looks like you truly submerged yourself in cultivation, and paid very little attention to happenings in the outside world. A hundred years ago, the name Profound Sky Continent was indeed very strange in my Illusory Demon Realm, and only a select few knew of it. However, in these hundred years, in the entire Illusory Demon Realm, there are few people that do not know of the name Profound Sky Continent. This is because our Illusory Demon Realm’s Demon Emperor and Little Demon Emperor died under the hands of those contemptible vile people from Profound Sky Continent in these last hundred years! Even Lord Demon King...” Number One Under Heaven’s gaze swept Yun Xiao intentionally: “Has landed in the hands of those contemptible Profound Sky villains, and it is unclear whether he is alive or dead! The name Profound Sky Continent... to our Twelve Guardian Families, not only have we heard of it, it is a name we must engrave into our hearts until death!”


 “Um... Brother Yun says he is from a remote place, and it looks like it is your first time traveling to obtain experience. It’s understandable that you don’t know about this.” Yun Xiao hurriedly explained to Yun Che.


 Yun Che stood blankly there, and didn’t speak for a long time.


 Profound Sky Continent... Demon Emperor... Little Demon Emperor... Demon King... a hundred years ago... resentment... Twelve Guardian Families...


 The name “Illusory Demon Realm” could be a coincidence, but all this... could they all be coincidences too?!


 Yet how could they all be coincidences!


 The world he currently resided in, this continent known as the “Illusory Demon Realm”... was actually the Illusory Demon Realm he knew of! The world located on the same star as Profound Sky Continent, which possessed tremendous hate and intersection!


 “Jasmine, what’s going on?” Yun Che shook his head, then asked Jasmine: “The Primordial Profound Ark traveled for such a long time, how could it have stopped at the Illusory Demon Realm, which is located in the same world as Profound Sky Continent? Profound Sky Continent has also never had any information about the Primordial Profound Ark appearing in the Illusory Demon Realm.”


 “How would I know.” Jasmine replied lightly, but in her heart, she felt some unease... Two years ago, in order to intensify the spacial storm and allow Yun Che to go through more difficult experiences, she had forcefully pushed the speed in which the Primordial Profound Ark traveled, which certainly affected the trajectory of its travel to some extent... Only, even she completely didn’t think that her own interference actually caused the Primordial Profound Ark, in its eighteen months of travel, to return to the Blue Pole Star once again, and stop above the Illusory Demon Realm!


 This was also the only explanation.


 However, she was naturally incapable of informing Yun Che about this reason.


 At this time, Yun Che suddenly turned his head, and stared fixedly at Yun Xiao... Twelve Guardian Families... Yun family’s... Young Master... a bastard child that had been picked up... and the name “Yun Xiao”... One after another, words that he had only heard casually and hadn’t paid the least bit of attention to began to weave incomparably violently within his mind, forming a possibility he was unable to be calm about... Under the piercing gaze of his eyes, Yun Xiao suddenly felt his entire body shudder. He forcefully gulped a mouthful of saliva, and said with some apprehension: “Brother... Yun, why are you looking at me like this... Uhh...”


 Yun Che took a step forward, grabbed Yun Xiao’s shoulder, and asked with an incomparably imposing tone: “Yun Xiao, tell me, your family... is it the Yun family from the Twelve Guardian Families!”


 “Ah...” Yun Che’s sudden violent reaction caused Yun Xiao to be bewildered for a moment. He used a pleading gaze to look at Number One Under Heaven, and said very cautiously: “Brother Yun, could it be... could it be your family or school has some grudge with the Yun family? Y-y-you... please calm down for a moment; no matter what misunderstanding there is, it can be resolved...”


 Yun Che’s abnormal reaction also caused Number One Under Heaven and Number Seven Under Heaven to reveal gazes of astonishment, but the life experiences of Number One Under Heaven far surpassed that of Yun Xiao. Although Yun Che’s mood seemed a bit unusual, he didn’t actually display any hostility when facing Yun Xiao. After a short pause, he said: “I guess I’ll respond for this brat. He is indeed someone from the Yun family of the Twelve Guardian Families; moreover, he is the family head’s sole son. Only... hmph, they have long been unworthy of the name Twelve Guardian Families. After the unknown living state of the Demon King a hundred years ago, the Yun family has been filled with turmoil and unrest for a long while. Twenty five years ago, Patriarch Yun charged into the Profound Sky Continent; although he made it back alive three years later, both him and his wife sustained extremely heavy injuries, becoming nearly handicapped, and also lost the most important treasure of the Demon Royal Families! This caused the entire Yun family to bear great sin.”


 “In these short hundred years, the core characters in the Yun family have fallen in succession. In addition to the family’s internal unrest, the Yun family’s strength has plummeted. The Yun family was indeed the head of the Twelve Guardian Families once, but as of now, the Yun family’s strength is without a doubt in its last moments! It has even gradually lost the qualifications to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with the other eleven Guardian Families, and with the addition of the crime of losing countless valuable treasures... Perhaps in a few years, the Twelve Guardian Families will become the Eleven Guardian Families.”


 Number One Under Heaven glanced at Yun Xiao indifferently for a moment. With the current situation this son of the Yun family was in, every word he spoke didn’t save him the least bit of face, and also portrayed the Yun family’s current steep decline. Furthermore, what he said really wasn’t a secret between the Twelve Families; basically everyone in the Illusory Demon Realm knew of this, so he said all of this without much apprehension.


 Yun Xiao bit his lips. His face revealed slight unwillingness, yet didn’t say anything.


 Yun Che’s chest heaved violently for a moment, because Number One Under Heaven’s words provided even more evidence that this Illusory Demon Realm was the one that he knew of. The current patriarch of Yun family... crippled twenty-two years ago... This time period made it unable for him to think of another explanation... the word “crippled” further caused his heart to twitch for a moment.


 “What is the name of the current Yun family’s Patriarch?” Yun Che maintained his calm with great effort: “Is he your father? Your father, and mother, what are their names? Are they... Yun Qinghong... and Mu Yurou?!”


 Yun Xiao opened his eyes wide, and nodded somewhat callously: “They... are indeed my parents... Could it be that my parents have had some interaction with your sect?”


 “...” Yun Che’s expression froze. Then, his two hands grasping Yun Xiao’s shoulder slowly loosened. He stood there, unable to speak for a long time.


 “...Your father is named Yun Qinghong. Even though I am already a few hundred years old, I only have one son which is your father. His talents are not too bad, and he had awakened the same cyan profound handle I have. Your mother is named Mu Yurou and is also from a Guardian Family of the Demon Emperor, and is the daughter of Mu Family’s Patriarch. The Twelve Guardian Families exist to protect the Demon Emperor and there are no estrangements between them. The relationship between our Yun Family and Mu Family have always been the best, and your father and mother were childhood friends who grew up together. A hundred years ago, when I left the Illusory Demon Realm alone, they had just gotten married...”


 Yun Canghai’s words sounded within his mind, each word striking like the evening drum and the morning bell.


 At that time, each time Grandfather Yun Canghai spoke about the Yun family, his face would fill with pride, speaking the words “head of the Twelve Guardian Families” loftily. Yet, from the information he had just heard from Number One Under Heaven, the Yun family had actually been on rapid decline over these hundred years... Yun Canghai had been locked up for a hundred years, and was completely unaware the position of the Yun family had dropped a thousand miles in one fall; if he had known of this, he would definitely be turning in his grave right now...


 Yun Qinghong... That the name of his biological father his Grandfather had mentioned!


 Mu Yurou... That was his biological mother’s name.


 And the Yun Xiao in front of him... he... could it be... he was...


 Jasmine: “...”


 Number One Under Heaven furrowed his brow: “Could it be you’ve really had some interaction with the Yun family before?”
Unearth this data, retracing it to the very heart of Nøv€lß¡n★

 After a long period of silence, Yun Che regained his calm. He nodded slowly, and smiled lightly: “Of course I don’t. Only, as my surname is also Yun, I have always possessed a deep reverence towards Demon King Yun Canghai from back then, and the current head of the Yun family, Yun Qinghong. So, because I suddenly discovered Yun Xiao was actually the son of the head of Yun family’s Patriarch, I was a little stirred up; you all have seen me embarrass myself.”


 “Ah? So... so it’s like this?” Yun Xiao’s expression relaxed. He patted his chest, and let out a long breath of air: “You scared me to death; I really believed my savior had some trouble with my family, heheh... Sure enough, I was overthinking. That’s true too, my parents are such gentle people, how could they have any animosity with others.”


 “So that’s how it is.” Number One Under Heaven naturally wasn’t as innocent as Yun Xiao. He felt that Yun Che was speaking with tongue in cheek, yet didn’t question or pursue the matter; he only nodded slowly.


 “If that’s the case, then you two really must have been brought together by destiny!” Number Seven Under Heaven clearly became a lot happier: “Brother Yun can bring Big Brother Yun to meet uncle; Not only is Big Brother Yun powerful, he also saved Brother Yun, and also has the surname Yun. Uncle Yun will definitely be very grateful and fond of Big Brother Yun. Hehe...”


 Number Seven Under Heaven laughed happily. Even the Twelve Guardian Families didn’t have many that received the approval of her Big Brother Number One Under Heaven. If Yun Xiao could become good friends with this kind of person, she was certainly extremely willing to see it happen.

