

Chapter 1491 - A Piece of the Heaven Manual

 “Heavenly Wolf Star God Xisu and I broke through the barrier together and had gotten the piece of the World-Defying Heaven Manual just as I had wished. Because he was in the front, he suffered serious injuries when the barrier was broken and he died not long after returning to the Star God Realm,” Qianye Ying’er said.


 Yun Che knew about this point. It was also the reason why Jasmine hated Qianye Ying’er so much.
Explore the labyrinthine roots of this substance at Nøv€lß¡n

 “Before Heavenly Wolf Star God Xisu died, did he not tell anyone else that you had obtained the World-Defying Heaven Manual?”


 “No,” Qianye Ying’er replied apathetically.


 “!” Yun Che stood up abruptly and clenched his fists tightly. He looked at Qianye Ying’er’s incomparably cold and indifferent expression and yet, he could not lash out even though he was boiling with anger. He could only lash out madly in his heart: Heavenly Wolf Star God Xisu you were so damn stupid!! Just by using a little of your brain and you would have known that Qianye Ying’er was just using you and she couldn’t even wait for you to die. Not only did you sacrifice your damn life all for her, you actually kept her secret even after she caused your death!!


 What Heavenly Wolf Star God? He was simply a lecherous and hopeless waste who could even give up his life for a woman! Perhaps he had no regrets even in death... It’s fine for a waste like you to die, but do you know how much it hurt Jasmine and Caizhi!!


 Yun Che reprimanded severely in his heart for a while. After he caught his breath... he suddenly had an indescribable feeling that the words he used to scold Heavenly Wolf Star God Xisu sounded a little familiar??


 Pooh!


 Yun Che violently shook his head.


 If it weren’t for Jasmine, for Master, and the rest of them... I would surely risk my life, but I would not be stupid enough to sacrifice everything for a woman who would obviously just use me and have no regrets.


 But... A reflection of Qianye Ying’er’s true face after taking down her mask appeared in his mind...


 He silently let out a breath of air.


 Everyone knew that Shen Xi and Qianye Ying’er were the “Dragon Queen and Goddess”.


 The Dragon Queen and Goddess alone took up sixty percent of all the beauty and elegance in the universe, leaving only forty percent for the rest of the world.


 Although that saying was an exaggeration, having seen their true countenance, no one would doubt that their existence to men would be their greatest fortune but also their greatest misfortune.


 Everyone knew that Shen Xi was the Dragon Queen, but Yun Che was the only one who knew the truth.


 The Monarch of the Dragon Clan and the ruler of the Primal Chaos clearly knew that Shen Xi did not and would never fall in love with him. But even under those circumstances, he had never chosen to take a concubine. Even if he did not have any children, even if he was destined to have nothing, he had no regrets over these hundred thousand years.


 Compared to the Dragon Monarch, it was not so hard to accept that Heavenly Wolf Star God Xisu was willing to die for Qianye Ying’er.


 Perhaps, to Heavenly Wolf Star God Xisu, he would instead be gladly used by Qianye Ying’er. At least, Qianye Ying’er would take the initiative to ask him for help and look at him a few more times. Even if death was the price he had to pay, at least they would be alone for a short while in the secret realm.


 He had been in close proximity with Shen Xi and Qianye, so close that the distance between him and one of them had been negative.


 Shen Xi’s countenance was as beautiful as a celestial fantasy.


 And if Qianye’s true appearance had to be described by a word, the first word that came to Yun Che’s mind would be “abyss”.


 One would be willing to die a thousand times for her, even if they had to twist and distort their consciousness and souls.


 Yun Che cast a sidelong glance at her. It was only when she was wearing her mask again that he dared to look at her directly, “Slave Ying, listen, you should know who Jasmine hates the most. After I find her, if she wants to hurt you, humiliate you or even kill you, you must never run and hide, or even retaliate. Do you understand?”


 “...Yes.” Qianye Ying’er’s reaction was serene. She was not in the least shocked or surprised at Yun Che’s command.


 She knew of the relationship between Yun Che and Jasmine. She knew all the more how much Jasmine hated her.


 “Answer a question for me.” Yun Che suddenly asked, “What exactly is the World-Defying Heaven Manual?”


 Qianye Ying’er serenely replied, “According to the ancient records and rumors, the primogenitor of the living things in the Primal Chaos was the Ancestral God. Because her life centralized and connected all auras of life in the Primal Chaos Realm, the birth of other living things would never occur in the Primal Chaos due to her existence. Because of this, the Ancestral God killed herself for the birth of all creation. Before she disappeared, she left part of her memories in eight life fragments and separated these fragments, making them land in the south and north of the Primal Chaos. This gave birth to the Four Great Creation Gods who lead the god race and the Four Great Devil Emperors who lead the devil race.”


 Yun Che’s brows furrowed. He had heard all these from the Golden Crow’s Spirit when he was in the lower realm back then, but he did not interrupt her and continued to listen in silence as he started to think of that strange possibility in his heart.


 “Before the Ancestral God disappeared, she left a part of the special god art.”


 “All creation originates from the Ancestral God, both the universe as well as the profound way were created by her. Legend has it that the god art left by the Ancestral God was the origin of the profound way. However, it was either too intense or it was perhaps not suitable for it to be cultivated by the people of this world. Though the Ancestral God could not bear to destroy it, she still did not pass it down completely. In the end, she split it into three parts and scattered them in the Primal Chaos Realm.”


 “Meanwhile, this part which came from the special god art of the Ancestral God was known as the Ancestral Divine Art by all.”


 “I know all this.” Yun Che continued to ask, “What does this have to do with the World-Defying Heaven Manual?”


 Qianye Ying’er explained, “The Ancestral Divine Art is recorded using a special kind of ‘Divine Text of Absolute Beginning’. Only the Four Creation Gods and the Four Devil Emperors who inherited a portion of the Ancestral God’s memories would be able to understand the ‘Divine Text of Absolute Beginning’. Thus, other than the Creation Gods and the Devil Emperors, no one has ever known the true name of the Ancestral Divine Art even in primordial times.”


 “It was only when I came into contact with the memory fragment of the Heaven Punishing Divine Emperor that I found out, the Ancestral Divine Art from the legends is actually called the ‘World-Defying Heaven Manual’.”


 “...” Yun Che was rooted to the spot and did not speak for a long time.


 Yun Che had heard of the name, Ancestral Divine Art, from the Golden Crow’s Spirit before he came to the God Realm. It was split into three parts. In the Ancient Era, there were two known parts; one was in the hands of Heaven Punishing Divine Emperor Mo E and the other with Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor Jie Yuan.


 Mo E exiled Jie Yuan back then because she had read the Ancestral Divine Art.


 It was obvious that even Jie Yuan could not resist the temptation of the Ancestral Divine Art...


 In addition, Yun Che was very certain that since ancient times, no one had ever completely read all of the Ancestral Divine Art... because Jie Yuan’s piece had been with her when she was exiled out of the Primal Chaos. And before that, the Ancestral Divine Art had never been completed before. After that incident, only two pieces of the Ancestral Divine Art remained.


 No one knew if Jie Yuan’s part of the Ancestral Divine Art was still with her now that she had returned.


 And the World-Defying Heaven Manual...


 Back then at the Moon Slaughter Devil Nest, the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign who survived for some unknown reason despite them giving their all to exterminate him, left behind a mysterious black jade. That black jade was unknown even to Jasmine and had no reaction whatsoever to any aura or when ascertaining it. But it gave off a strange reaction when Xiao Lingxi came near it and would release strange inscriptions that floated in midair.


 While Xiao Lingxi had never seen those strange inscriptions before, she was able to read without difficulty.


 The name that she read out was... World-Defying Heaven Manual!


 What was going on?


 Was the part of the “World-Defying Heaven Manual” that I had obtained from the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign by chance really the Ancestral Divine Art?


 Yun Che suddenly raised his head and asked, “Slave Ying, did you manage to decipher the ‘World-Defying Heaven Manual’?”


 Qianye Ying’er shook her head without hesitation, “No. Only the Four Creation Gods and Four Devil Emperors would be able to understand The World-Defying Heaven Manual that was engraved with the ‘Divine Text of Absolute Beginning’. No other god or devil would be able to understand, let alone the beings of this era.”


 The Divine Text of Absolute Beginning... can only be understood by the Devil Emperors and Creation Gods...


 Then why was Lingxi able to...


 What was even stranger was that she herself had never seen that kind of language before and yet, she could understand it in one glance.


 Yun Che’s brows knitted tightly as his soul was in turmoil and it turned chaotic.


 “I have exhausted all means to find all sorts of ancient records and many wise men who have researched antiques. Yet, only the four words ‘Nine Profound Exquisite Body’ could be interpreted with much difficulty. This matter had even been secretly leaked out and it attracted some guesses and rumors that I was not willing to listen to.”


 Yun Che sucked in a deep breath and cast a sideways glance, “This was... the reason you made a move on Qingyue?”


 “Yes,” Qianye Ying’er replied.


 “Hmph! She did not understand anything and could not even read the inscription. It was just a fragment and yet you still made a move on Qingyue... You’re truly a madwoman.”


 Qianye Ying’er serenely replied, “This is my pursuit of the profound way and my life’s creed.”


 Yun Che snorted coldly and said, “The piece of the World-Defying Heaven Manual you obtained is now with your royal father isn’t it?”


 Even if he thought about it with the tips of his toes, he would have also known that she would definitely leave such an important item with someone she trusted the most when she still had her consciousness before going to the Moon God Realm... If the World-Defying Heaven Manual was truly the Ancestral Divine Art, it would be something that would incomparably majestic and valuable in the eyes of the Creation Gods and Devil Emperors.


 But he was instantly stupefied when Qianye Ying’er said, “No, I did not pass the piece of the World-Defying Heaven Manual to anyone, it is currently with me.”


 “...” Yun Che stared straight ahead for a few breaths, stood up after a while, and stretched his hand out, “Let me have a look.”


 “Yes.”


 No matter how important it was, even if it were a taboo item, Qianye Ying’er would never disobey his orders. Under the fervent gaze of Yun Che, Qianye Ying’er stretched out her hand as a grayish white squared stone slab appeared in her palm.


 That stone slab had no spiritual energy whatsoever and looked like an extremely ordinary stone. It was square shaped and its surface was filled with holes of different sizes... and that was all to it.


 “This is the piece of the World-Defying Heaven Manual that you obtained?” Yun Che found it a little hard to believe.


 Qianye Ying’er flipped her palm and a ray of golden light flashed as a thread of extremely tyrannical Brahma Monarch divine power soundlessly poured into the stone slab.


 In a split second, the grayish white stone slab flashed an intense silver brilliance. That silver brilliance only lasted for an instant and it suddenly exploded before it scattered and disappeared without a trace.


 Meanwhile, Yun Che had a sudden sensation, he lifted his head abruptly and his line of sight froze for a long time.


 Right above Qianye Ying’er, a large luminous silver brilliance extended out swiftly before slowing down, scattering and twisting. It lasted until it took the form of a few hundred strange shapes which were different in form but similar in size.


 It was obviously rows of strangely shaped characters.


 These strange silver characters were incomparably clear under the reflection of the grayish white skies. When seen from above, the gray skies seemed to disappear. Other than those strange characters, no other colors could be seen in his line of sight.


 He stared at those strange characters for a very, very long time.


 The method used to make the strange characters appear was exactly the same as the method used for that mysterious black jade.


 Although he did not understand a single one of those strange characters, when he compared them to the words projected by that mysterious black jade, he had a clear and intense feeling that they actually shared a “common origin”.


 This was the fragment of the World-Defying Heaven Manual that Qianye Ying’er obtained and it was also a piece of the Ancestral Divine Art!


 Then, that piece of mysterious black jade... was truly also a piece of the Ancestral Divine Art!?


 If everything was true... the fragment in Qianye’s hand belonged to Mo E. Since Jie Yuan had a piece, then the one he obtained was the third and final piece!?


 Why was the Ancestral Divine Art which was a divine item of divine items with the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign?


 He seemed to hold a high position in the devil race though it would definitely not be that of the level of a Devil Emperor.


 Also, the fact that he could escape the apocalyptic calamity was already incomparably strange... Could it be that it was related to this matter?


 Countless thoughts flashed across Yun Che’s mind and the thing that they could not explain was undoubtedly...


 Why was Lingxi able to understand the Ancestral Divine Art!?


 “I want this.” Yun Che stretched his arm out, grasped the stone slab and took it.


 “Yes.” Qianye Ying’er did not protest in the least and suggested, “If Master wants to read it, perhaps you could ask the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor for help. She is the only living being in the whole universe who is able to understand the Divine Text of Absolute Beginning.”


 “I see.” Yun Che gave a half-hearted smile and said, “So this is the reason why you brought it along.”


 Qianye Ying’er, “...”

