

Chapter 1150 - Unexpected Guest

 Chapter 1150 - Unexpected Guest


 “Hahahaha, my apologies for arriving late, everyone.”


 There was a loud, candid laugh as the blue sky literally parted in half to admit a tall, straight figure dressed in blue clothing. He had no facial hair, and his hair reached all the way to his waist. His appearance stifled the breaths of everyone in the Conferred God Stage. He might not have released any profound energy, but his mere presence struck fear in the people’s hearts and souls all the same. They wanted nothing more than to kowtow before the man who was like a monarch.


 The Eternal Heaven God Emperor, Star God Emperor, and Moon God Emperor stood up in unison. No one else in the entire Eastern Divine Region had had the honor.


 He was the ruler of Brahma Monarch God Realm and head of the four god emperors of the Eastern Divine Region, the Brahma Heaven God Emperor Qianye Fantian.


 “Hoho, Eternal Heaven is most honored to welcome you, Brahma Heaven God Emperor. This way, please.” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor smiled.


 “Hahahaha, you’re welcome, Eternal Heaven God Emperor. How can I possibly miss such an important occasion?” The Brahma Heaven God Emperor laughed loudly before bowing slightly towards the Star God Emperor and Moon God Emperor as a show of respect. Then, he said to the Moon God Emperor, “Your wedding is in another two months, am I right? I’m very much looking forward to this, and I’m even more curious about identity of your future wife. I will definitely attend your wedding banquet.”


 “Haha, I feel very honored to hear this.” The Moon God Emperor smiled in reply before looking behind his back. “Oh? Correct me if I’m wrong, but I’m not seeing see your divine daughter.”


 “She’s a naughty girl who has left me a long time ago to spread her wings. Even I don’t know where she’s having fun right now. She may do as she wishes,” the Brahma Heaven God Emperor answered smilingly after he took his seat.


 Naturally, the “divine daughter” mentioned by the Moon God Emperor was a matter of great interest to everyone.


 The Dragon Queen and Goddess were said to possess three-fifths of the beauty of the entire Primal Chaos Realm.


 However, very, very few people in the entire God Realm had the good fortune to meet them in person.


 The Dragon Queen was publicly known as the Realm King of the Dragon God Realm and the official wife of the Dragon Monarch, the number one ruler of the Primal Chaos Realm. She was also the Dragon Monarch’s official wife. It was rumored that the Dragon Monarch was extremely protective of his wife and doted on her whenever he could, so there was no way he would ever allow mere mortals to witness her beauty.


 As for the Goddess, she was the only daughter the Brahma Heaven God Emperor had out of so many children. Rumor say that she was so beautiful that countless venerable Divine Chosens were willing to throw themselves into madness and risk their lives just to win a smile from her...


 This included the deceased Heavenly Wolf Star God.


 Therefore, the Moon God Emperor might very well have brought up the Goddess on purpose. As a result, the Star God Emperor lost his smile and frowned for a very long time.


 The arrival of the Brahma Heaven God Emperor, Eternal Heaven God Emperor, Star God Emperor, and Moon God Emperor, all at the same time, was undoubtedly dreamlike to the cultivators on the Conferred God Stage. They could almost forget that the young experts inside the Eternal Heaven Pearl were battling furiously against one another right now.


 The Brahma Heaven God Emperor’s gaze swept across the surroundings before he said, “I guess everyone is present already. Let us begin then.”


 He had just finished saying this when his gaze suddenly turned.


 Beside him, the Eternal Heaven God Emperor had stood up and turned in the same direction, smiling. “It looks like we have an unexpected guest.”


 The masses were just starting to wonder about the Eternal Heaven God Emperor’s statement when a loud voice came from the southern part of the sky. “Cang Shitian of the Ten Directions Deep Sea Realm announces his abrupt visit to the Eternal Heaven Realm!”


 Waaah——


 A commotion instantly erupted above the Conferred God Stage.


 “Cang Shitian... is he that Cang Shitian, one of the four god emperors of the Southern Divine Region?” Every expert on the Conferred God Stage was shocked by this.


 “Why is he here? Was he invited to discuss ‘that’ important matter too?”


 “No, it looks like he came uninvited.”


 “Royal father, where is this Ten Directions Deep Sea Realm? I’ve never heard about it until today? And who is this Cang Shitian? Why does everyone look so surprised?”


 “The Ten Directions Deep Sea Realm doesn’t belong to the Eastern Divine Region. It is a star realm and one of the four king realms of the Southern Divine Region. You can say that it is the Eastern Divine Region to our Eternal Heaven Realm. Cang Shitian is the ruler of this Ten Directions Deep Sea Realm and one of the four god emperors of the Southern Divine Region!”


 Cang Shitian’s name wasn’t unfamiliar to the experts present in this place. After all, he was a god emperor of a god realm! However, almost no one had ever seen him in person until today. After all, the Eastern Divine Region and Southern Divine Region were literally two different worlds, not to mention the various barriers that existed between them. The Star God Realm and Moon God Realm were practically hostile towards the king realms of the Southern Divine Region.


 No one thought that Cang Shitian would suddenly show up.


 The Eternal Heaven God Emperor waved his arms and declared loudly, “The restrictions are down, so please come in, honored guest.”


 The Eternal Heaven Realm normally maintained a restriction that prevented the entry of normal profound practitioners, but naturally it couldn’t stop someone as powerful as a God Emperor. That being said, not even the uninvited guest Cang Shitian would dare break etiquette and force his way in through the Eternal Heaven Restriction.


 “Hahahaha.”


 There was loud laughter and two faint flashes of light in the air. Then, a person abruptly appeared on the sky of the Conferred God Stage before bowing deeply towards the Eternal Heaven God Emperor. “Shitian humbly apologizes for showing up uninvited. Please forgive me if I have offended you.”


 Cang Shitian was a tall, large man dressed in soft armor made from profound gold and an oddly shaped cape behind his back. His blue gold hair was especially striking. Despite being the monarch of a king realm and a god emperor of the Primal Chaos Realm, Cang Shitian was shockingly wild. Even now, he looked as arrogant as ever even though he was in a foreign divine region. It was as if he could never, and would never change the way he carried himself.


 “Hoho, I wouldn’t mind an honored guest like yourself appearing uninvited in Eternal Heaven Realm everyday.” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor chuckled. “Oh? Have you come alone, God Emperor Shitian?”


 God Emperor Shitian hadn’t brought anyone with him. No one could be detected outside the restriction either.


 “It is rude enough that I’d come uninvited. Naturally, I dare not impose on my host any more than this.” God Emperor Shitian looked at the four god emperors and smiled even wider. “To think that all four god emperors of the Eastern Divine Region would gather in one place! This is truly a rare occasion. I definitely made the right decision to come here.”


 “Hehe,” the Star God Emperor let out an odd sounding sneer. “Cang Shitian, your cultivation hasn’t grown since the last time we met, but your guts have become much bigger than before. Aren’t you afraid that this might be the last place you see in your life?”


 “Oh no, you flatter me too much.” Cang Shitian beamed. “I wouldn’t know if my guts have gotten larger or not, but I can definitely tell you that I’m confident in my ability to exit this place alive.”


 “Hmph!” The Star God Emperor and Moon God Emperor snorted coldly at the same time before looking away.


 For once, the Star God Emperor and Moon God Emperor shared the same opinion.


 “What does a personal grudge matter before something so important?” the Brahma Heaven God Emperor asked. “God Emperor Shitian, your sudden arrival is spurred by this matter too, right?”


 “Of course.” God Emperor Shitian nodded. He was just about to speak when his expression suddenly changed.


 At almost the same time, the Brahma Heaven God Emperor, Star God Emperor, Moon God Emperor and even the eternally calm Eternal Heaven God Emperor turned towards the west with shock in their eyes.


 A violent wind surged as clouds become scattered. The entire world suddenly dimmed a little as the blue sky sank rapidly as if it was about to be turned upside down. A voice came from a distant place,


 “This dragon of the west has come to pay a visit.”


 Every word felt like a billion tonne steel plate that crushed downwards against their bodies and souls. They couldn’t breathe, and couldn’t think. It was as if the entire world was overwhelmed by that one singular voice.


 This terrifying feeling didn’t just happen to the weaker, younger profound practitioners. Even the top rate masters of star realms felt the exact same thing. Their shock was even greater than the younger profound practitioners.


 In an instant, all five god emperors got up from their seats with solemn expressions on their faces. Even the eternally arrogant God Emperor Shitian hid a trace of fear and respect behind his pupils.


 There was only one person in the entire God Realm and Primal Chaos Realm who could strike fear and respect in a god emperor.


 He was the Dragon Monarch!


 The fact that all five god emperors had risen into the air caused everyone in the Conferred God Stage to stand up in alarm too. They all looked towards the west in astonishment.


 The Eternal Heaven God Emperor moved his palms and removed the restrictions. In the next instant, the violent wind suddenly reversed directions to reveal a large, tall man walking slowly toward them.


 The air stilled immediately, and the world turned dim. It was as if silence had suddenly descended upon the entire world. Every star realm expert had cocked their heads upwards to look at this newcomer before they realized it.


 He was eight feet tall and extremely handsome. His eyebrows were like swords, and every line and pattern on his face were incredibly imposing. His eyes shone like the bright sun itself; a divine light that seemed to have circulated for an infinity of time.


 An unprecedented feeling of inferiority and pettiness grew in every person’s hearts. There were countless experts in the Eastern Divine Regions, and the strongest experts of the upper star realms were powerful enough to be fearless even in face of a god emperor or a king realm. But when this man had appeared on the sky, they all suddenly felt like lowly commoners capitulating before a mighty monarch.


 They had never felt something like this even when they were facing the Brahma Heaven God Emperor and the Eternal Heaven God Emperor.


 “It has been a long time, everyone. Forgive me for arriving uninvited,” said the Dragon Monarch with a smile on his face. His words were unusually gentle, but they rammed into one’s heart and soul like they were a heavenly decree, reverberating for a long time before gradually dissipating.


 The Eternal Heaven God Emperor strode forward and clasped his hands together. “Eternal Heaven is infinitely honored to welcome the arrival of the Dragon Monarch. Your apology is entirely unnecessary.”


 Everyone around him—the Brahma Heaven God Emperor, Star God Emperor, Moon God Emperor and God Emperor Shitian—clasped their hands and bowed.


 Unlike the commotion that had broken out during Cang Shitian’s arrival, the Conferred God Stage was dead silent when the name “Dragon Monarch” had appeared.


 No one could describe the shock in their own hearts.


 The Dragon Monarch was such a being that... he was the ruler of the Dragon God Realm, the greatest king realm to exist in the Western Divine Region. He was the greatest cultivator in all divine realms—no, in the entire Primal Chaos Realm—bar none.


 The Dragon God Realm he ruled was the absolute king of all realms in the Primal Chaos Realm. The Western Divine Region he resided in was also the strongest of all four divine regions. It was likely that this status couldn’t be shaken even if the Eastern Divine Region and Southern Divine Region were to join hands.


 The reason the five god emperors acted so respectfully in his presence wasn’t just because the Dragon Monarch was absolutely powerful and divine. His seniority and experience far exceeded theirs too.


 A human’s lifespan couldn’t really be considered long compared to all the races in existence. Even those who cultivated to the realm of Divine Master could only enjoy a maximum lifespan of around than fifty thousand years. For example, the Sword Sovereign Jun Wuming was currently the oldest and most senior human cultivator alive.


 As for the Dragon Monarch, he was currently three hundred and fifty thousand years old.


 He had lived longer than all five god emperors combined.
The initial instance of this chapter being available happened at N0v3l.Bin.

 Dragons were gifted with impossibly strong bodies since birth, and they were literally the race with the greatest talent out of all the races. Humans were far inferior in comparison, not to mention that their lives were much shorter than a dragon’s. This was why the Dragon God Realm was the king of all God Realms.


 At the same cultivation level, a human was absolutely no match for a dragon. This status quo remained the same even at the God Emperor level. The Brahma Heaven God Emperor and Eternal Heaven God Emperor might be all powerful and mighty, but even they couldn’t win a battle against the Dragon Monarch, the True Dragon with three hundred thousand years of acquisition under his belt.


 That was why the Dragon Monarch was indisputably the greatest cultivator in the entire Primal Chaos. It was the absolute truth in everyone’s minds.


 His arrival, was the real arrival of a monarch.


 _______________


 alyschu: Cang Shitian’s name is his title. He would technically be called the Heaven Unleashed God Emperor/Unleashed Heaven God Emperor but it would be weird if someone calls him that and he refers to himself as Shitian. To avoid any discrepancies and confusion, I kept his title the same as his name.

