

Chapter 1994 - Daughter of a Divine Regent

Chapter 1994 - Daughter of a Divine Regent

Partially Edited Chapter - Rubble

A hero saving a damsel in distress was an extremely cliche and contrived plot, but one could not deny its usefulness especially against an innocent girl who had never experienced the world before.

The purer the soul, the easier it was to leave an impression, and first impressions were the hardest to remove of them all.

Meanwhile, the silver man was treating this as a humorous spectacle. The young man was a peak Divine Sovereign and probably an expert in the Qilin Abyss Realm, but before him? He was no more than a clown who was begging for his face to be slapped. He had absolutely no idea who he was facing.

The outside world truly was fun and interesting.

“And where did you come from, worm?” the silver man asked. He did not need to do anything to show his disdain for the young man.

“Worm?” Yun Che’s smirk was even more disdainful than his, however. “As expected, only a worm will see others as worms. You stink so bad I can smell you from five kilometers away.”

“...” The corner of the girl’s lips curled up for an instant.

Yun Che had never lost a verbal war, and insulting people came to him as naturally as breathing. But for the girl who had grown up in a perfectly insulated environment, it was something new she had never experienced before.

I have no idea you can scold people like this!

The silver man’s face darkened a little. Before he could say anything, Yun Che increased the intensity of his flames and said, “Now get lost! Your heart is evil, and you use your power to abuse others. If there is one person that should be removed from the Abyss, it would be someone like you; a person whose heart is overflowing with filth.”

As if just noticing that the girl was still standing behind him, Yun Che then looked back and added a note of urgency to his voice, “What are you waiting for? Go!”

“Ha! Hahahaha!” The silver man laughed. “Do you know who you’re talking to?”

“...” Yun Che barely suppressed the urge to roll his eyes. Even their lines were exactly identical.

“You’re telling me to get lost?” When the silver man folded his fan, strange ripples started appearing around his face. “Would you believe me if I told you that one finger is all I need to make you kneel on all fives until you die?”

“Is that so?” The flame in Yun Che’s hand grew to three meters in length. “And if you don’t get lost, I’m afraid you won’t even get the chance to kneel anymore!”

The girl stuck out her tongue in secret, but she clearly wanted to see where this would go.

“Very well!” The silver man raised a finger and bent it down.

Yun Che’s knees immediately fell toward the ground.

“...” The girl frowned and formed a sword at her fingertip. But before she could finish, she abruptly discovered that Yun Che had somehow stopped his knees from bending. Not only that, he was slowly rising back to full height.

Surprise bloomed across the girl’s face.

Did he just resist the man’s soul pressure… as a Divine Sovereign?

The same astonishment flickered across the silver man’s features before it was replaced by a frown. This time, the strange light in his eyes was several times greater than before.

“Kneel!”

Crack!!

The horrible sound didn’t come from Yun Che’s knees, however. It was the sound of him breaking a tooth from exertion.

His body was shaking, his face was contorted, and sweat was pouring down his head like a waterfall. It was clear that he was in deep pain. However, both his legs and his spine remained as straight as an arrow. His crimson flames remained lit as well.

In fact, he even had the strength to move his hand backward and summon a gust of air to push the girl away. “Get away… now! This man is… extremely dangerous!”

The girl: “...”Witness the genesis of this narrative, streaming from Nøv€lß¡n★

“... !?” Once again the silver man was speechless, but this time it was anger that overtook his features. A violent light flashed through his eyes. But right before he could increase his soul energy, a shredding noise suddenly pierced through the air.

Shred!

A blue line appeared between the silver man and Yun Che, severing space itself and the soul pressure.

Clutching his chest and shuddering violently, Yun Che backed away from the silver man and shot the girl a look of “deep shock”.

The silver man too staggered back and lost focus for an instant. However, he quickly recovered his playfulness after staring at the girl for a bit, “Not bad. To think you can cut my soul threads with your sword intent. Not bad at all.”

This time, it was the girl who stepped in front of Yun Che. A sword light jutting out of her fingertip, she muttered to herself and the silver man, “Punishing evil is also part of the experience.”

“Evil? Hehehe. Hahahaha!” The silver man straightened his back as he laughed arrogantly. “Do you know who I am, girl?”

The girl answered, “Your surname is Meng.”

Yun Che: “...”

The silver man’s smile stiffened for a moment before morphing into a frown, “How did you know?”

“The way you channel your soul energy is very similar to Meng Jianxi. Your external auras are pretty similar as well,” the girl answered indifferently and directly, “Therefore, the two of you probably related in some way.”

For the first time, the silver man blanched. He completely lost control of his expression when he heard the name “Meng Jianxi”.

“You…” The silver man’s voice changed. “You know my younger brother?”

“Younger brother?” The girl’s starry eyes twirled as a way to verbally attack the silver man occurred to her. “Meng Jianxi would be very unhappy if he heard the way you addressed him.”

To an outsider, her threat seemed completely powerless. However, the silver man visibly shuddered like she had hit him.

“Oh~~ I know!” The girl suddenly remembered something. “If you’re Meng Jianxi’s older brother, then your name must be… Meng Jianzhou!”

Words could not describe Meng Jianzhou’s feelings right now. His lust, his arrogance, his confidence; they all vanished under a veneer of absolute shock. “Who are you? Who are you?!”

It was at this moment a gray silhouette suddenly descended from the sky and landed right next to the silver man. At the same time, an indescribably terrifying aura enveloped them all. 

Yun Che immediately stared at the gray silhouette. The terrifying aura he had sensed earlier had come from him!

The gray silhouette was an old man with short hair, long beard, and a stiff face. He was wearing a gray robe. He was none other than the silver man’s protector. However, the protector should not have appeared here. Moreover, he was withdrawing his pressure as best he could as if afraid he would disturb something… or someone.

Meng Jianzhou wasn’t expecting the old man to show up at all. He was just about to say something when the old man grabbed his arm and said, “We need to go!”

“What? Wh—”

“Shut up! Let’s go!”

Boom! 

There was an explosion of profound energy, and the duo vanished from sight in just the blink of an eye.

The shockwave caused by a Divine Extinction Realm profound practitioner should’ve bowled them over, and yet it didn’t so much as touch Yun Che or the girl. It was as if the old man had carefully controlled his outburst.

Yun Che secretly withdrew his gaze.

The old man was a profound practitioner beyond even Mo Beichen, but at that moment…

He had acted no different from a whipped dog!

He snuck at the glance beside him.

He thought that this was the case. Not only was she divinely beautiful, she was obviously sheltered and overprotected to the extreme. Knowing this, there was no way she wouldn’t have a protector of her own.

The reason he hadn’t sensed anyone at all was simply because the protector was powerful beyond measure. He literally wasn’t strong enough to even sense her.

“Are you alright?” The girl asked as she stared at the reckless yet determined man with her all-too-beautiful eyes. She wondered if she should treat his soul injuries.

After all, that was Meng Jianzhou’s soul pressure he had withstood. He might have resisted it somehow, but he must have been hurt, right?

Yun Che got up to his feet. Despite his pale complexion, he replied evenly, “I’m fine. It looks like you would’ve been fine even if I hadn’t meddled in your business. Thank you for your help, big sis, and goodbye.”

He shot her one last smile and left just like that.

The girl subconsciously lifted her hand a fraction.

He’s leaving just like that?

Not only did he not turn around, he was moving faster and faster. It wasn’t long before they couldn’t sense each other’s auras anymore.

“Auntie, this man is really… really… really… special,” the girl said after she finally found the word she was looking for, “You’ve always warned me to be careful of everyone around me because you are certain that they all harbor ulterior motives, but that man…”

“He did everything he could to help me to the point where he injured his soul, and yet he had left without a word after the danger was over. Forget ulterior motives, he didn’t even ask for my name.”

“I knew there are still a lot of good people in this world!”

She declared with a bright smile on her face. There were many things she could’ve said about the incident, but it was as if they didn’t matter to her in the slightest. Instead, she chose to talk about Yun Che.

“The world has a hundred facades, and humanity a thousand faces,” an ephemeral voice rang in her heart, “It is unsurprising that you would meet someone that does not conform to conventional wisdom once in a while. More importantly, one meeting is hardly enough to form a conclusion.”

“I get it,” the girl replied smilingly.

“There is no point in staying here. You should leave.”

The girl thought for a second, “But auntie, the Qilin God Realm where the last Qilin rests is about to open, and it only opens once every six hundred years. It would be a shame if we missed it.”

“Do whatever you like,” the ephemeral voice said.

This was her trial, so it was up to her to make her own decisions.

Right now, the girl was being pulled in every direction by every new thing she saw. It would be counterproductive to suppress her curiosity.

Of course, one must bear the consequences of their actions, and she had already warned the girl that the restriction around the Qilin God Realm was set by the Abyssal Monarch. This meant that she would not be able to help her if she chose to enter the Qilin God Realm.

……

It wasn’t until Yun Che was far, far away that he finally allowed his expression to return to normal. Almost immediately, his eyebrows slowly scrunched together into a frown.

Meng.

The surname immediately reminded him of the Divine Regent whose surname was Meng.

The Dreamweaver Kingdom of God, the Dreamless Divine Regent, Meng Kongchan!

“The profound practitioners of the Dreamweaver Kingdom of God are experts in cultivating the soul.” 

Chi Wuyao’s description of the Dreamweaver Kingdom of God had left quite the impression on him.

Combining all the clues, it would seem that the silver man named Meng Jianzhou… was the son of the Dreamless Divine Regent!

Knowing this, it made perfect sense that he would be protected by a Half-God.

In that case, that girl…

That girl who had scared a Half-God into running away with his tail between his legs…

The girl had mentioned another name, Meng Jianxi.

Meng Jianzhou was the son of the Divine Regent, and yet he had looked extremely wary when he heard his “younger brother’s” name.

This meant that Meng Jianxi was most like… the name of the Dreamweaver Divine Son himself!

The girl had mentioned his name without any concern whatsoever. It was as if she was just mentioning a peer.

In that case, she must be…

He suddenly stopped in his tracks when he recalled someone Chi Wuyao had told him before.

“Speaking of which, most of the information I managed to pry loose from Mo Beichen’s crumbling soul was either some of his deepest memories or common knowledge that permeated his subconscious. Everything else was so blurry that I wasn’t even able to identify the imprint of the four High Priests, something he should be able to identify at a glance. However… his memory of the Heaven Breaker Divine Daughter was especially deep.”

“In fact, it was deep enough for me to make out an almost distinct outline.”

“Are you suggesting… that he and the Heaven Breaker Divine Daughter were…”

“Of course not. Mo Beichen may be an Abyssal Knight, but there’s no way he would be qualified to interact with a Divine Daughter. He merely caught a glimpse of her when she was traveling to the Pure Land from afar.”

“That glimpse was all it took to etch a permanent memory on his soul.”

……

Yun Che’s eyes flickered with shock and realization.

Could she be…

The Heaven Breaker Divine Daughter of the Heaven Breaker Kingdom of God!?

He turned around and stared at the distant sky.

If he was right, then his gamble had paid off far more than he could possibly imagine.

He could only hope that this tiny seed would bear a beautiful flower.

……

Outside the imperial palace, two men were ripping through space at an insane speed, so much so that Meng Jianzhou’s face was hurting. Their profound energy was rumbling like thunder.

He asked, “What the hell ha—”

“Shut up! Now’s not the time for questions!”

The old man’s face looked impossibly grim. In fact, he was wishing he had the power to break through dimensions right now.

Suddenly, all the sound in his ears vanished.

Even the scenery before him swiftly faded in color until all that was left was deep blue.

The sudden, bizarre change caught Meng Jianzhou completely off guard. He had no idea what was going on here. The old man though, his face had turned as white as a ghost. He quickly slowed down to a halt as if an invisible hand was dragging him down.

The world vanished into a sea of blue. All that was left dreamy blue and… a fairy-like silhouette.

The old man opened his mouth. He wanted to say something, but for some reason he couldn’t spit out a single thing. It was as if someone had caught him in a chokehold.

“Meng Kongchan’s sons truly are one of a kind.”

The blue silhouette’s voice was icy to the bone.

“If he couldn’t teach his son properly, then I shall do it in his place!”

One blue flash later, Meng Jianzhou’s left arm was separated from his shoulder… and he screamed.

