

Chapter 7 Frozen Cloud Asgard

  

 “Was destroyed?” Xiao Che frowned. Ever since he was a child, his grandfather and everybody else all said that he was born with a damaged Profound Vein. He even believed that himself when he got his memories of “rebirth” back since his memories included the mastering of all the medical books in during his lifetime.


 But Xia Qingyue said he wasn’t born with a damage Profound Vein but instead it was damaged by an external force.


 In truth, no one in the Xiao Clan had been able to see through this guise. Xia Qingyue had only looked at him within a few breaths of time and to her, that fact was as clear as crystal.


 This woman....


 “Yes.” Xiao Qingyue creased her eyebrows and gently spoke: “It was heavily damaged during your childhood and your family did not notice. Because of that, it was never repaired and now that you have already grown up the damaged Profound Vein has fully formed into it’s disabled state... and lost all hopes of repairment!!”


 Xia Qingyue said that last statement with absolute confidence. If an adult’s Profound Vein became damaged, their power would leak but there were a variety of methods to repair that.


 However, if the Profound Vein broke in the early stages of infancy, the growth of the vein would start from a bad foundation and will only become worse. At Xiao Che’s age, the vein had already become badly shaped so it was impossible for it to be repaired back to normal.


 Xiao Che’s expression did not change and simply said: “That may not necessarily be true.”


 Xia Qingyue gently inclined her head to glance at him: “Looks like you always had the notion of repairing your Profound Vein?”


 “I’ll definitely fix it.” Xiao Che said blankly.


 Xia Qingyue looked at him deeply. She saw not only confidence and arrogance but a deep layer of coldness in his eyes. She sighed in her heart and softly spoke: “The Profound Sky Continent is a big place with numerous amounts of talented people, perhaps there really may exist a person who can repair your damaged vein. I should not have said what I had said earlier with such assertion, you can just take it as my ignorance.


 In those few words, Xiao Che’s impression of her improved dramatically. He hesitated, then asked: “The icy cold power you used earlier, what was that? I have never heard of anyone in Floating Cloud City with that skill. Your master is not a person from Floating Cloud City, am I right? Of course, it’s up to you whether or not you want to tell me.


 Xia Qingyue was silent for a while and right when Xiao Che thought she would not answer, she calmly replied: “Frozen Cloud Arts.”


 “Frozen Cloud Arts?” Xiao Che slightly shivered at the name as he felt a vague sense of familiarity. When he suddenly remembered the name of the concept, his paled and words uncontrollably escaped from his mouth: “Frozen Cloud Asgard !?!?”


 Xia Qingyue tilted her beautiful head and looked at Xiao Che with a surprised expression. When he shouted out “Frozen Cloud Asgard”, Xiao Che had already lost his cool but in her eyes, he was still too calm. Even if the Lord of Floating Cloud City heard that name, his body will weaken and his legs would tremble in fright. She lightly said: “My master is indeed from Frozen Cloud Asgard so I can be regarded as a disciple of Frozen Cloud Asgard.... This fact, the only person in Floating Cloud City who knows of that is my father. You are the now the second. I tell you this.... because you are my husband now and this is the most basic of my respect for you.”


 “......” Xiao Che’s racing heartbeat could not calm down. The words “Frozen Cloud Asgard burst into his heart like a huge bomb. Because it was the most powerful out of Blue Wind Empire’s four major Sects and also the holy land of that many yearn and long to be in. Even the Blue Wind Empire’s royalty must worship their transcendent existence annually!


 Heavenly Sword Villa, Frozen Cloud Asgard, Xiao Sect, Burning Heaven Clan.


 Out of the seven countries in Profound Sky Continent, the Blue Wind Empire was currently the smallest. Although they had the lowest overall strength, they have never been annexed by the other countries. A large part of the reason why was because of those four major sects. Those powers that be are not afraid of the Blue Wind Empire’s strength but instead fear the four major sects.


 There is no doubt about the strength of those four major sects. The process in which they recruit disciples was very strict and they did not care about background in their selections. The most important thing they want in the end was talent. Everyone living in the Blue Wind Empire dream and aspire for that kind of great fortune. If you get into one of these major sects, even the lowest of disciples will bring honor and prosperity to their family. They would even be the guests of honor at court and be presented with the rank of a marquis.


 No one of this little Floating Cloud City had ever heard of anyone being admitted into one of those major sects and no one would even dare dream about it. If the previous Xiao Che heard the names of the four major sects, it would be like hearing the existence of the heavenly sky kingdom. He would never have expected to be touched by those words.... but he did not expect that the wife he had just married was one of the disciples of the top ranked sect, behind Heavenly Sword Villa, Frozen Cloud Asgard!


 Xiao Che quickly calmed himself down and asked: “ Since you are one of Frozen Cloud Asgard’s disciple, why don’t your family reveal it to the public? With your identity, Xia clan can freely walk through anywhere in Floating Cloud City and nobody would dare offend them. All the rich people, including the city’s main clan will seek to curry favor from you. The growth of your Xia clan will also develop at a rapid pace.”


 “Because of you.” Xia Qingyue answered.


 “Because of... me? Xiao Che stilled in silence... Those three words had reminded him why.


 “I married you with the identity of a girl from Xia clan and the entire city of Floating Cloud is in an uproar. If I married you with an Frozen Cloud Asgard’s disciple’s status, not only our small city of Floating Clouds would be in an uproar. No matter what, there would be a lot of unpredictable consequences between you and my Xia clan. After all, the difference between you and I is far too vast.” Xiao Qingyue said in a light voice with clear eyes. Although she only stood there silently, she was already brilliantly dazzling.


 Xiao Che slowly let out a sigh: “Then why did you marry me?”


 “You know precisely why.... My life was saved my Uncle Xiao Ying. I am the reason why he died during an assassination attempt soon after. Since I was born, my father arranged a marriage between us in order to repay Uncle Xiao Ying’s kindness. Although it was my father’s promise, I have no reason to disobey him and thus I have no reason to not marry you.”


 Xia Qingyue raised her glittering cold eyes: “The reason why I told you that I belonged to Frozen Cloud Asgard was to let you know that in order for me to continue to practice the Frozen Cloud arts, my heart must be like a frozen cloud. Frozen Cloud Asgard only accept women and they must be pure and uncontaminated for life. Although I did marry you, I cannot love anyone in this lifetime. You must understand my commitment.”


 “......Even if you aren’t a disciple of the Frozen Cloud Asgard, I don’t think you would fall in love with me anyway.” Xiao Che said with a self-deprecating smile.


 Xia Qingyue slowly shook her head: “Maybe you have misunderstood me. I have never despised you nor have looked down on you.... My master had told me many times that people of a higher level should never overlook someone else. Nor underestimate them. Besides, I have just reached the starting point of my journey up. The Profound Sky Continent respects the strong so there are countless doctors around. Just because your Profound Vein was broken does not mean that your life is completely ruined.”


 Xiao Che was moved. Floating Cloud City bragged about Xia Qingyue’s beauty and talent but perhaps nobody knew about the elegance in her state of mind that not even the countless number of middle-aged people in this world can achieve.


 And she was really only sixteen......after a few years, one could not imagine how she would be. No wonder she caught the fancy those from Frozen Cloud Asgard !


 This woman with such beauty, talent, and mind of a fairy had really just became his wife not too long ago! It felt like that was only just a dream!


 If he did not have two lives worth of experience and memory, he would feel a sense of inferiority and could probably not even muster up the courage to look her in the eye.
This creation is firmly rooted in the depths of Nøv€lß¡n★

 “Thank you for telling me this...” Xiao Che said with a passionate sigh. His eyes then became focused as his voice changed: “Then, can you tell me the level of your current profound strength?


 Entering the tenth level of the Elementary Profound Realm at the age of sixteen was talent amazingly enough to stir the entire city of Floating Cloud. However, Xiao Che did not believe that Xia Qingyue was only at the tenth level of the Elementary Profound Realm anymore. Because this unrivaled level of talent in Floating Cloud City should not catch the eyes of those of Frozen Cloud Asgard.


 Xia Qingyue became silent and did not answer Xiao Che’s sudden question. However, her silence had indicated that her strength was higher than that of the tenth level of the Elementary Profound Realm.


 “You should go to the toast.” Xia Qingyue slowly replied with a glint in her eye.


 As her voice fell, the sound of slow footsteps came from outside the door. Xiao Hong’s old gentle voice came from the door: “Young master, it is time for you to propose the toast.”


 “Grandpa Hong, I’ll be right there.” Xiao Che promised. With one last look at Xia Qingyue and after patting his clothes of any dust, he walked out of the room.


 As soon as Xiao Che left, a bright ice aura surrounded the room and a white figured dreamily appeared in front of Xia Qingyue. Xia Qingyue lightly stepped forward and spoke with a gentle and respectful voice: “Master.”


 “Qingyue, do you wish to return to Frozen Cloud Asgard with me?”


 The beautiful gentle voice was as misty as a cloud and as gentle as a breeze. It was enough to make even the world’s coldest heart completely melt.


 Xia Qingyue gently shook her head: “Master, Qingyue intends to stay a while. If I leave as soon as I got married, he will suffer even harsher of endless ridicules. I ask master to give me a month’s time so I won’t hurt him nor allow others to make fun of him by the time I leave.”


 The woman dressed in white looked at her. After a while she nodded slowly and smiled faintly: “Alright. It is the first time in hundreds of years that a Frozen Cloud Asgard disciple was allowed to be married. Since it had been an exception, another month’s worth of wait is nothing.”


 “Thank you for fulfilling my wish, Master.” Xia Qingyue’s body lowered again as she hesitantly whispered softly: “Master, is it really impossible to repair his Profound Vein?”


 The woman in white shook her head without delay: “There are no such things as absolutes in this world.... but at least to me, it seems to not be possible. Qingyue, it is good that you are a kind and compassionate person with a giving heart. However, I really cannot help you with this issue.”

