

Chapter 1385 - Phoenix Flames of Extreme Wrath

 Chapter 1385 - Phoenix Flames of Extreme Wrath


 In the God Realm, who would be unaware of the name “Yun Che”? During the Profound God Convention, the appearance of Yun Che had been seared into the memories of the entire Eastern Divine Region via the Eternal Heaven Projection.


 He was the number one person among the Eastern Divine Region’s young generation. His master came from a middle star realm and as a result, he had become a hero in the hearts of all the profound practitioners in the middle and lower star realms.
The initial posting of this chapter occurred via noovelllbbin

 It was not simply a matter of him achieving first place in the Profound God Convention’s Conferred God Battle either. There was not a single person in the Eastern Divine Region who did not know that the Eternal Heaven God Emperor and the Brahma Heaven God Emperor had fought over the matter of taking him as a direct disciple. They also knew that the Brahma Monarch Goddess had wanted to lower herself to marry him, and even the supreme ruler of the Primal Chaos himself, the Dragon Monarch, had announced in front of everyone that he desired to take him as a foster son.


 As someone born in the Stellar Sun Realm, a lower Star Realm, how could Lin Qingrou not know who Yun Che was? However, Yun Che was a lofty shining star that even the king realms had fought over, so she could naturally only admire him from afar. She had never once dared to hope that she could meet him.


 But today, on this planet in the lower realm, she had actually seen... someone who looked incomparably similar to him.


 Her utterance of that name startled Feng Xue’er and the rest. Yun Wuxin asked in astonishment, “Daddy, does she... know you?”


 “Hehehehe...” After she had unwittingly let out that surprised cry, Lin Qingrou started to laugh instead, “How amusing! It’s simply far too amusing. To think that there would actually be such a similar person in this world.”


 Yun Che did not have any profound strength, but with Su Ling’er by his side, his body and health had been well taken care of and his outwards appearance had been nearly perfectly restored. If anyone from the God Realm saw him now, the name “Yun Che” would immediately fly from their lips in surprise and astonishment.


 But this would only last for the very first instant, and they would very quickly realize that this was only someone who looked far too much like him and that this person definitely could not be the Yun Che they knew about... This was because the latter was the number one God Child in the God Realm, someone who everybody in the God Realm had marveled at. However the man in front of them was a small fry who lived in the lower realms, who did not even have the slightest bit of profound aura.


 Besides, in the eyes of the God Realm, Yun Che had long ago died in the Evil Infant Calamity that had struck the Star God Realm.


 “Ah, what a pity,” Lin Qingrou sighed languidly. “To be crowned with a face that all of the women in the God Realm adore, yet to also be such a complete piece of trash at the same time. The existence of someone like you is practically an insult to God Child Yun. I think it’d better if you disappeared instead.”


 Her voice was cottony and coquettish and it sounded querulous and plaintive. But the moment her voice fell, she suddenly lashed out as a beam of fire abruptly exploded from her raised finger.


 Even though Feng Xue’er’s profound strength had already entered the divine way, her practical combat experience was far too lacking compared to Yun Che’s. As a result, the thought that this girl who had no previous contact or enmity with them, a girl who they were meeting for the first time, would actually suddenly attack them while talking had never crossed her mind.


 In her great shock, Feng Xue’er’s profound energy instantly surged forward as it swiftly formed a protective barrier.


 As a muffled explosion rang through the air, the sea region below them immediately flipped upside down as Lin Qingrou’s power was firmly pushed aside...


 However... behind her, Feng Xian’er, Yun Wuxin, and Yun Che were simply far too near to her, far too near to place where the two people’s powers had clashed. Feng Xue’er had blocked Lin Qingrou’s power, but she had not been able to completely suppress the shockwave that spread through the air.


 “AHHHH!!”


 For the first eleven years of her life, Yun Wuxin had grown up in seclusion together with Chu Yuechan. After she had found her father, everyone around her had clambered over each one another to pamper her to the high heavens, so she had never ever encountered such a situation before. She let out a startled cry, but her first instinct was not to protect herself. Instead, in a completely subconscious act, she used all of her power to protect her father.


 Feng Xian’er had moved at an even faster speed as she used all of her power to protect Yun Che.


 The spatial shockwaves caused by the collision of profound energy could not even be considered an aftershock. Feng Xian’er and Yun Wuxin, who had the powers of a Throne and an low ranked Overlord respectively, were not hurt in any way. However, to the Yun Che who did not even have the strength to truss a chicken, this was a calamity that he could not endure at all.


 Yun Che’s body resembled a sheet of glass that had just suffered a heavy blow. In an instant, countless cracks appeared on his body and he fainted dead away before he could even let out a cry of misery... one did not know whether he was dead or alive.


 If not for Feng Xian’er and Yun Wuxin’s power protecting his body, he would have already been ripped into countless fragments.


 “DADDY!!”


 Bright red blood stains swiftly spread across Yun Che’s entire body ans blood filled Yun Wuxin’s eyes. She let out a bloodcurdling scream as she pressed her hand against his body, frantically trying to stem the blood that crazily flowed from his body while also trying to seal up all the cracks on his body. She felt the world spin... It was as if she was trapped in a nightmare, as if her entire world was collapsing...


 Feng Xue’er turned back, her phoenix mien instantly turning ghastly white. The flames on her body burned as she shouted in a voice that faintly trembled, “Hurry up and leave... hurry up and bring him to Ling’er... Hurry up and go!!”


 His entire body had ruptured and his injuries were not only on the surface, even his internal organs had been affected... For an ordinary person, this was basically a death sentence!


 Everything had happened far too quickly and far too suddenly... The two of them, father and daughter, had been merrily enjoying their time together and everything had been perfect. Yet a dreadful nightmare, a nightmare that had happened for no reason at all, had descended upon their heads with no warning whatsoever.


 “Oh?” Lin Qingrou’s brows twitched, it was as if she was very surprised that Feng Xue’er was able to block her power.


 Yun Wuxin’s hand was dyed with the blood that was flying out of Yun Che’s body and Yun Che’s life was slipping away at a frightful pace. Feng Xian’er’s reaction was not much stronger than Yun Wuxin’s and she felt as if she had been plunged into an abyss. Due to her great alarm and fright, she could barely circulate any profound energy...


 Her shivering eyes made contact with Yun Che’s pallid and bloodless face... In this instant, the words that the Phoenix Spirit had told her that day suddenly rang out in the sea of her soul.


 It was as if a flame of hope had been lit in the all-encompassing darkness. Her entire body shook and even as she panicked, she took out a scarlet tail feather as fast as she could.


 The moment that tail feather appeared, Feng Xue’er felt her soul strongly react to it. Her head whipped back like lightning and she stared at that tail feather... A scarlet red tail feather that resembled a cluster of burning flames was releasing an unbelievably dense Divine Spirit aura.


 “That is?” she unwittingly asked.


 However, Feng Xian’er no longer had the time to explain. As the flames above the tail feather ignited, the firelight that was released from those flames engulfed her, Yun Che and Yun Wuxin... and in the next instant, all three of them vanished into thin air.


 All that remained was a tail feather that was rapidly burning up and scattering within the flames.


 “Mnnn? A dimensional escape?” Lin Qingrou’s eyes narrowed, but she could not be bothered to chase after them. Her eyes continuously swept over Feng Xue’er as the flames of jealousy in her heart burned hotter and hotter.


 Even though she did not know what had happened, and even though she did not know what the tail feather in Feng Xian’er’s hand had done, Feng Xue’er felt somewhat relieved now that they had left. Following that, the flames burning on her body swiftly soared in tandem with the fury in her heart, “You and I... are not acquainted with one another and have no enmity with one another. So why did you have to strike such a vicious blow!?”


 If Feng Xue’er had gone to the God Realm like Yun Che, she would not have asked this question.


 Did the people of the God Realm ever need a reason for killing the people from the lower realms?


 They did not need one! They did not need one at all!


 It was akin to a normal person deciding whether to stamp a few ants on the roadside to death or not. That person did not need a reason, they only needed to be in the mood. Or perhaps they had merely stepped on them by accident.


 Yun Che did not know what it was like in the other Divine Regions, but in the Eastern Divine Region, there was a prohibition laid down by the Eternal Heaven God Realm. This prohibition stated that people from the God Realm were not allowed to kill people from the lower realms for no good reason. But Yun Che was keenly aware that this prohibition basically amounted to nothing, and it was not because all of these star realms did not revere the Eternal Heaven God Realm. Rather, it was because... Eternal Heaven’s Adjudicators could not even regulate the laws within the Eastern Divine Region, so where could they find the time to be bothered about the lower realms?


 Moreover, the lower realms that had suffered oppression and slaughter could not complain to the Eternal Heaven God Realm... They did not even know about the existence of the Eternal Heaven God Realm in the first place.


 Besides, Lin Qingrou did have a reason for her sudden attack.


 Her reason was that Yun Che simply resembled Yun Che far too much!


 Yun Che was not only the number one God Child of their generation in the Eastern Divine Region, he was also the hero and the pride of all the profound practitioners from the middle and lower star realms. So, Lin Qingrou was naturally filled with adoration for him... However, it was a pity that even though she was among the cream of the crop in her own generation within the Stellar Sun Realm, when compared to Yun Che, she did not even have the qualifications to lick his feet.


 Even her master did not have the qualifications to do so, much less herself.


 Yet a cripple from the lower realms actually looked exactly like him... Like what she had said previously, it was practically an insult to “God Child Yun”, so she had merely reached out to snuff out this insult.


 If Yun Che had known the reason for her sudden attempt on his life, he would not know how to feel.


 “Hehehe,” Lin Qingrou let out a peal of coquettish laughter. In fact, she laughed so hard that even her buttocks and breasts shook, “Little Sister, you still haven’t reached the level where you can have an opinion about who I choose to kill. Speaking of which, all of them have fled, so why haven’t you? Could it be that you want to cross swords with me?”


 “...” Feng Xue’er tightly clenched her hands as the flames in her beautiful eyes gradually deepened. She did not know who the woman in front of her was, where she had come from, or why she had come to this place... but her attack just now had instantly plunged Yun Che into the abyss of death. Besides the fury that currently filled her entire body, she also felt the terror of not knowing whether Yun Che was dead or alive... So how could she simply leave!?


 Lin Qingrou finally started to measure Feng Xue’er with her eyes. Even when she was in a state of extreme fury, she was still beautiful enough to dazzle. She spoke in a slow and languid voice, “You’re such a beauty. If I offer you to Master, he’ll definitely be extremely happy. He might even give me many rewards. But after that, I might just fall out of favor... Ah, this is truly a conundrum.”


 “I don’t care who you are,” Feng Xue’er said in an icy cold voice, “You dared to hurt him... So you must... die today!!”


 BZZZZN——


 Scarlet red Phoenix flames violently swayed like a volcano that was about to erupt as a fury and killing intent that Lin Qingrou had never felt in her life locked onto her.


 If Lin Qingrou’s master, Lin Jun, was here, he would immediately recognize that those were Phoenix flames.


 It was a pity that Lin Qingrou not only possessed shallow knowledge and experiences, she also did not have the qualifications to come into contact with the plane of the Flame God Realm. When she saw the flames which explosively flared up on Feng Xue’er’s body, even though she could vaguely feel that something was not quite right, she immediately dismissed the feeling that should not exist in the first place. Instead, the corners of her lips curved up into an incomparably contemptuous smile of disdain.


 “Oh? You’re playing with fire in front of me?” She said in a cheery voice, “I just don’t know if these pathetic and lowly lower realm flames that you possess will be so pitiful that they can’t even ignite in front of the divine flames from the God Realm.”


 Feng Xue’er’s profound strength was at the third level of the Divine Origin Realm while Lin Qingrou’s profound strength was at the fifth level of the Divine Origin Realm. But in Lin Qingrou’s eyes, Feng Xue’er was not simply weaker than her by two levels. After all, she had cultivated her divine way in the God Realm while the woman in front of her had cultivated her divine way in the lower realms... Even though it was rare and marvelous for someone to be able to reach the divine way in such a lowly and turbid world, how could this place even be compared with their grand and noble God Realm?


 It was not only in terms of their divine power. Even the levels of their profound arts could not be compared.


 Thus, without even mentioning the fact that Feng Xue’er’s profound strength was weaker than her by two levels, even if they were equally strong, Lin Qingrou would still only have disdain for Feng Xue’er.


 As she slowly and lazily raised her arm in contempt, a cluster of deep purple flames blazed to life above her palm. But immediately, her brows suddenly twitched... because the moment the purple flames in her hand blazed to life, they had actually curled back abnormally, as if they were afraid of something.


 Feng Xue’er did not say a single word, but a Phoenix image flashed in the pupil’s of her eyes.


 BOOOM————


 With an explosive cry, the flames around Feng Xue’er’s body had risen to a height of more than three thousand meters, dyeing the blue skies above and the blue sea below completely scarlet.


 In an instant, Lin Qingrou’s expression went completely stiff. The purple flames that had just ignited in her hand simply shriveled up and died like little bugs which had been frightened out of their minds.


 The space between them was closed in a single instant as the explosive flames burning on Feng Xue’er’s body spread out to form the fiery figure of a gigantic Phoenix which then mercilessly hurtled toward the Lin Qingrou whose expression had abruptly changed.


 When it came to profound strength, Lin Qingrou was indeed two levels stronger than Feng Xue’er. However, the fiery might which descended along with Feng Xue’er’s profound strength was so strong that it shocked her. The Lin Qingrou who had originally been prepared to make a few casual attacks and had even planned to play with her opponent was actually pushed back two steps. The purple flames on her body ignited and she used immediately started using eighty percent of her profound strength as she prepared to clash with Feng Xue’er’s furious Phoenix flames.


 BOOOM————


 Fiery light blazed through the sky and all the clouds within their field of vision were torn apart and burned to nothingness. The sea below them sank in an extremely exaggerated fashion and terrifying whirlpools were formed afterwards.


 Due to her inferior profound strength, Feng Xue’er was blasted far away... However, the flames on her body continued to boil up and flare explosively; her Phoenix flames were not weakened in the slightest. However, even though it looked like Lin Qingrou had gained the upper hand, half of the purple flames on her body had been extinguished and her originally haughty and pretentious expression had also darkened.

