

Chapter 455 - Mysterious Space

  

 This was the inside of the Primordial Profound Ark, but not only was it not dark, it was actually particularly bright. Yun Che looked up and was speechless, because in front of his eyes was astonishingly an endless dark green grassland, as far as he could see! The end of the grassland merged with the dusky sky.


 “Wow! It’s exactly the same as master said!” This was Xia Yuanba’s first time here and his face was full of shock. He exclaimed uncontrollably: “Master had said that there were special spatial laws within the Primordial Profound Ark;, that it is a world unto itself. Looking at it from here, no one would think that this is actually the interior of a profound ark.”


 “A world unto itself?” Yun Che’s face revealed shock. At the same time, Jasmine’s voice appeared in his mind: “As expected, the spatial laws in the interior are totally different from the outside world! It seems like the actual amount of space in the interior is actually much, much larger than seen from the outside! Or... it could be even larger than the entire Profound Sky Continent by several times... even tens of millions of times is possible!”


 Yun Che: “...”
Ñøv€l-B1n was the first platform to present this chapter.

 The entire grassland was incomparably flat; its edges could not be seen. The only eye catching feature was a three meter wide profound formation which was flashing with a red radiance not far away. Feng Hengkong and many other Divine Phoenix Sect elders surrounded the profound formation, seeming especially cautious.


 “The spatial laws in this place really are strange, in the Profound Sky Continent, if left untouched, this kind of spatial profound formation’s profound strength would only be cut down by about half in ten thousand years. Yet this spatial profound formation which was left by our royal father’s generation has already weakened by about eighty percent in just three hundred years.” Feng Hengkong wrinkled his eyebrows as he spoke.


 “However, the remaining strength is still sufficient to transport us to the area where the last exploration stopped.” Feng Feiyan pulled his hand back from the profound formation’s radiance and said collectedly. The Primordial Profound Ark was too humongous, a brief twenty four hours was simply not enough to explore completely. Thus, after every exploration, Divine Phoenix Sect would leave behind a spatial profound formation. When the Primordial Profound Ark opened again, they could directly use the profound formation to transport themselves to where they had left off.


 “Strengthen the initial profound formation first, then we can begin.” Feng Hengkong said firmly.


 “Yes!”


 The twenty plus Overlords of Divine Phoenix Sect all took action at the same time, channeling profound energy into the profound formation. Very quickly, the dim radiance of the profound formation intensified.


 After the profound formation was strengthened, Feng Hengkong turned around and said: “Guests from the Sacred Grounds and Six Nations, do you wish to proceed forward to explore the Primordial Profound Ark’s interior together? The previous generations’ exploration had reached about fifteen thousand kilometers deep. Although there were no gains in the end, who is to say that there will not be a breakthrough this time, for us to discover mystical primordial items. The deeper one gets, the more dangerous it is. Fifteen thousand kilometers in, there will be Tyrant Profound Beasts rampaging, it would be full of dangers, and the strength of a single person may not be able to overcome some obstacles; teamwork will be required. Those who want to proceed together, please enter this profound formation, those who wish to proceed freely, please feel free to do so... but,” Feng Hengkong’s voice paused for a moment before he said faintly: “Those who are not even Overlords can forget it, entering this profound formation is the same as courting death.”


 Amongst the thirty six people present, there were only five with profound strengths below that of Overlords; Yun Che was one, two were profound practitioners from the Black Fiend Nation, and the other two were Yue Ji and Mei Ji that Ye Xinghan had brought along.


 The Primordial Profound Ark appeared only once every three hundred years. Since they had already entered, of course they would choose to cooperate to explore even further. Spiritual Master Ancient Blue turned over and asked: “Yuanba, do you want to come along with Master?”


 Xia Yuanba however shook his head: “No need, Master. the reason disciple followed Master up the profound ark this time was just for an eye-opener and not any ambitious reasons. Thus, I won’t be following you. Brother-in-law and I will just go ahead to have fun.”


 With Yun Che around, Ancient Blue already knew that Xia Yuanba would give such an answer. He slowly nodded: “That’s fine too. However, although the profound beasts in the surrounding area aren’t a threat and the environment isn’t too dangerous, this world is still extraordinary. No one can predict where dangers will be hiding, so you still have to be careful.”


 “Also, you have to remember what Master had repeatedly said before... once the Primordial Profound Ark’s door opens, it marks the twenty-fourth hour before the profound ark disappears. When it nears the twenty-fourth hour, the entire space within the profound ark will start to tremble. When you feel the space trembling, you have to be in an area as spacious as possible. That way, at the twenty-fourth hour, you will be forcefully pushed out of the profound ark’s world. However, if you are in a sealed area like a cave, canyon, house, tower or any such areas, you will not be discharged from the profound ark and will disappear with the ark... which means you will die! Since the appearance of the Primordial Profound Ark, there have been more than ten from the previous generations who have met with such an ill fate, their souls extinguished entirely! Bear this in mind!”


 “I’ve got it, Master.” Xia Yuanba nodded, then asked: “It’s just that this disciple doesn’t understand, why will one not get discharged from the profound ark in a sealed location?”


 “Because in this area, every piece of land, every piece of stone is incomparably hard. Furthermore, they contain extremely frightening earth attribute laws.” Spiritual Master Ancient Blue extended his hand, sucking a stone about the size of a fist and placed it into Xia Yuanba’s hand: “Yuanba, try to destroy it.”


 “Oh...” Based on Xia Yuanba’s current strength as a mid-stage Overlord, not to even mention a piece of stone, he was able to easily pinch a piece of profound iron into powder. The weight of the stone in his hand felt no different from an ordinary stone. He lifted the stone and forcefully grasped it... following that, his face exposed his shock, because the stone in his hand, not to even mention break into pieces, there was not even a trace of deformation.


 Xia Yuanba placed the stone in his left hand. He opened his palm, then breathed in, made a fist with his right hand, and smashed down fiercely.


 Plop...


 Half of Xia Yuanba’s face contorted, grimacing in pain. The stone in his hand had dropped... not damaged in the slightest.


 “Wh-wh-wh... what kind of stone is this! How is it so hard!” Xia Yuanba flicked his wrist and said with a face full of shock.


 Yun Che stood beside Xia Yuanba, listening to the conversation of the master-disciple pair. Looking at Xia Yuanba’s actions, he too revealed a face of shock.


 “In many hypotheses, this Primordial Profound Ark is very possibly a profound ark from the time of the Primordial True Gods, and is thus an item from the era of the True Gods. So even if it is just a small little stone, it absolutely isn’t simple. Anything from this place is more durable than you can imagine. Even if you used all your strength, you basically will not be able to destroy even the most ordinary piece of stone, let alone a stone wall or such.” Spiritual Master Ancient Blue said unhurriedly: “Since objects in this area are able to deflect such huge amounts of force, it will naturally be able to deflect huge gusts of wind. If you are still in such a sealed area after twenty four hours, then the gust of wind which will expel us out of the profound ark will be isolated from you too. There would be no way of getting out, and you will be buried here forever, together with the disappearance of the Primordial Profound Ark.”


 “Oh, oh. I understand.” Xia Yuanba glanced at the stone beneath his foot with lingering fear, then nodded seriously.


 “Just to be safe, Yuanba, take this.” Spiritual Master Ancient Blue took out a jade pendant, then hung it around Xia Yuanba’s neck.


 “Eh, master, what is this?” Xia Yuanba asked curiously.


 “This is a profound formation jade made based on the Primordial Profound Ark’s spatial laws. In the profound ark, if met with fatal danger, or if in a sealed location after the twenty four hours with no way of escape, just break the jade into pieces. The special spatial profound formation within will directly transport you to the Phoenix City directly beneath the profound ark. Although the profound formation within the jade is small, it abides to the Primordial Profound Ark’s spatial laws, so making them is incomparably difficult, and requires the strength of several Monarchs.”


 “Back in the day, the Saint Emperor’s personal disciple got lost in an ancient hall here, could not escape, and thus disappeared along with the Primordial Profound Ark. In his anger and sorrow, the Saint Emperor specially made these jade which specially countered the Primordial Profound Ark’s spatial laws. In the entire Profound Sky Continent, only our Absolute Monarch Sanctuary possesses them.”


 “Oh! So it’s like that.” Xia Yuanba nodded, then said without even thinking: “Master, do you have another of this kind of jade? Give my brother-in-law one!”


 “This...” Spiritual Master Ancient Blue revealed a face full of distress. Just when he wanted to shake his head, he had a thought. If he did not give out another, Xia Yuanba would probably give his to Yun Che. He could only sigh inwardly and take off the one he was wearing: “Forget it, take master’s. These two pieces of jade are rarer than you think, apart from life threatening danger, do not use it casually.”


 “Thank you master!” Xia Yuanba immediately passed the jade in his hand over to Yun Che, then casually paid respects Spiritual Master Ancient Blue: “Brother-in-law, let’s go.”


 “Even though there are profound beasts here, Master said that within a few hundred kilometers in the surroundings, the strongest are only Sky Profound Beasts. There won’t be much danger.”


 Seeing Yun Che and Xia Yuanba walk off eastward, Spiritual Master Ancient Blue gave a bitter laugh inwardly. In the entire Profound Sky Continent, how many people dreamed to be his disciple, yet could not. But facing Xia Yuanba, most of the time, he had to try to please him, afraid that he would lose this disciple of his... Afterall, Xia Yuanba possessed the Tyrannical Emperor’s Divine Veins from legends, which was fated to be a generation’s overlord!


 What made him worry was... in the last two years, Xia Yuanba’s personality could be said to be silent and mighty, fit to be called an emperor’s disposition. But after meeting Yun Che, the previous disposition which was getting even more tyrannical and domineering was practically hidden without a trace. Also, the reason for coming to the Primordial Profound Ark in Divine Phoenix was to experience danger. The riskier the conditions, the more he would want to experience. Then, from the crises and dangers he faced, he would break through his limits, stage by stage. However, he now chose to roam in the completely safe surroundings...


 Spiritual Master Ancient Blue had already started to feel that Yun Che’s appearance would be detrimental to Xia Yuanba’s pursuit of strength and the awakening of the Tyrannical Emperor’s Divine Veins.


 Those from Divine Phoenix Sect entered the profound formation one after another. Spiritual Master Ancient Blue and Ling Kun stood the the side of the profound formation. Ling Kun took a glance and stopped midair, the said to Ye Xinghan who had no intention of going over: “Young Master Ye, aren’t you coming with us?”


 “Hmph! Forget it.” Ye Xinghan smiled insincerely and said: “If I brought my Yue Ji and Mei Ji in, those old things would give this young master dirty looks. Instead of finding the so-called Primordial Divine Items, this young master is more interested in having a good time aboard this Primordial Profound Ark.”


 Finishing his speech, Ye Xinghan had a good laugh and lifted the two women, leaving into the distance.


 “This one is here to admire the scenery. Things like fighting and killing would be better done by smelly men like you, this would not want it.” Ji Qianrou flipped his long hair, pursed his lips and turned his body proudly, leaving independently as well.


 Regarding Ye Xinghan and Ji Qianrou’s solo departure, Feng Hengkong had absolutely no intention of retaining them. On the contrary, he heaved a sigh of relief. Without those two thorns in their sides, it would be much more peaceful: “Xue’er, let’s leave. After that, follow royal father closely, you must by all means not wander off.”


 After Feng Hengkong was done speaking, Feng Xue’er, however, did not move a step, but said suddenly: “Royal father, Xue’er wishes to walk around by herself, not with royal father, may I?”

