

Chapter 912 - Xuanyuan Wentian Defeated

  

 Supreme Ocean Palace was enveloped in flames. Those who were engulfed in the sea of flames released ghostly screams but these screams did not last for long before they all sank into silence. However, the sky-shrouding fiery light continued to burn for a long while before slowly scattering away.


 Beneath the extinguished sea of flames, a hole shaped with the image of the phoenix was engraved on the Ocean Palace and when looking through the hole, one could directly see the blue ocean below. It had actually burned through the Ocean Palace which had stayed afloat for ten thousand years!


 Those who were engulfed by the sea of flames had all disappeared, as if they had all been vaporized from the world itself, without leaving behind even a trace of ash. Not to mention, these people were not weaklings of any sort but powerful experts belonging to Sun Moon Divine Hall and Mighty Heavenly Sword Region, the almighty Sacred Grounds of the Profound Sky Continent.


 Among them, included the Hall Master of Sun Moon Divine Hall... One of the four Sacred Masters—Heavenly Monarch Ye Meixie!


 With Ye Meixie’s strength, even if he had only a single arm remaining and could never be Feng Xue’er’s match, he could have still at least resisted for a period of time with his full power. However, he assumed that she was still the Feng Xue’er of several months ago and decided to court death by going head-on with the blazing image of the phoenix that was unleashed with her anger. He was then instantly swept into the center of the sea of flames. No matter how he struggled, he was unable to escape from the pressure of the Phoenix flames and was burnt alive under the image of the phoenix. In the end, he was completely annihilated.


 When the Phoenix flames extinguished, Supreme Ocean Palace was a field of silence. The enormous phoenix-shaped hole had separated the two factions. On one side were the people of Absolute Monarch Sanctuary, Supreme Ocean Palace, and Divine Phoenix Sect and every single one of them was dumbfounded, as if they had seen a ghost. On the other side, not even half of the line-up of Sun Moon Divine Hall and Mighty Heavenly Sword Region remained. The Sacred Ground profound practitioners at the back who were unable to charge out in time and had fortunately kept their lives intact, but all the color had drained from their faces. While their bodies trembled, some of them had even gone limp and slowly fell onto the ground.


 “Ah... Ah... Ah...” Xuanyuan Botan sat paralyzed on the ground, his feet less than half a meter away from the edge of the phoenix-shaped hole. It was as if his gallbladder had broken from fright; his pale expression carried hints of yellow and his pupils could barely be seen within his eyes. Only his mouth was emitting out a moan which he was seemingly unconscious of.


 “Heav... Heavenly Monarch.” The remaining Divine Envoys, Elders and disciples of Sun Moon Divine Hall were either shocked to a standstill or had lost their souls. No matter how, they could not believe their own eyes. The almighty Heavenly Monarch, was actually burned into nothingness... in just a few dozen breaths of time.


 From the descent of the image of the phoenix to the extinguishing of the flames, Feng Xue’er had her eyes tightly closed the entire time, her chest heaved intensely. When she sensed that people among Sun Moon Divine Hall were once again approaching, she then instantly opened her eyes and pushed out her palm towards the front. Her voice was trembling slightly and a teary glow could be faintly seen within her eyes. “Stay back! You’re not allowed to come any closer, otherwise... otherwise... I will no longer... show any mercy!”


 “Ah!” Feng Xue’er’s action made all the people of Sun Moon Divine Hall retreat in a fluster. Xuanyuan Botan, who sat paralyzed on the ground, trembled. Letting out a strange cry, he tumbled and crawled as he retreated far away. The eyes he was looking at Feng Xue’er with constantly shrank and he no longer dared to take even the slightest step forward.


 Members of Absolute Monarch Sanctuary and Supreme Ocean Palace were all looking blankly at Feng Xue’er as well, all of them had completely lost their voices.


 “Xue... er...” Feng Hengkong was excited to the point where he was finding it extremely hard to articulate his words. “Could it be that your... Your Phoenix God power... has completely awakened?”


 The flames earlier had released a Phoenix might which they had never felt before!


 Burning Ye Meixie to death in just a few dozen breaths of time... Even if it was the Phoenix God that had passed on, it was seemingly impossible to accomplish!


 “Mn...” Feng Xue’er lightly nodded. “But it will still take a few more years before it can awaken completely. It’s Big Brother Yun... who helped me...”


 When she spoke the last few words, her head lowered and her voice had subconsciously softened a little as well, looking as if she had recalled something.


 Feng Zukui’s beard and eyebrows trembled and then, he took in a long breath, firmly holding back the old tears in his eyes as he said while facing the sky, “It must be the Phoenix God watching over us from the heavens... The heavens are watching over our Divine Phoenix Sect!”


 Ever since the Phoenix God had passed on, their biggest desires were the awakening of Feng Xue’er’s Phoenix God power and her becoming the second Phoenix God of Divine Phoenix Sect. They had initially thought that it would take at least another hundred years and these hundred years would be the most dangerous hundred years for Divine Phoenix Sect. They never expected that during their reunion this time, Feng Xue’er’s Phoenix God power would have already awakened to such an extent... She had clearly already surpassed the level of the Ancestral Phoenix God!


 “Heartfelt... congratulations... to esteemed your sect,” Zi Ji sincerely said as he lifted his hands towards the Divine Phoenix Sect. If not for Feng Xue’er’s divine might, they might have all died miserably at the hands of Sun Moon Divine Hall and Mighty Heavenly Sword Region by now.


 Boom boom!!


 BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM...


 The ocean waves below were tumbling intensely. All of the ocean within sight was in complete turmoil, as if there was a sky supporting pillar stirring chaos beneath the ocean. The constant explosive reverberations were not loud but it was as if one’s heart could crack from their oppressiveness.


 “Big Brother Yun...” Feng Xue’er called out softly, as she hurriedly turned around to look at the rumbling ocean surface. Deep colors of anxiety appeared on her snow-white face.


 “Princess... Snow...” Zi Ji, who was being deeply tortured by the devil poison, said with incomparable difficulty. “Your power... must have... already surpassed your esteemed sect’s Ancestral Phoenix God... I wonder... if you have a way... to remove the devil poison... in our bodies... Cough...”


 Light of hope brightened in the eyes of everyone who were being tortured by the devil poison when they heard Zi Ji’s words. All of them looked towards Feng Xue’er and some of their eyes even carried deep beseechment.


 Feng Xue’er lightly shook her head. “There isn’t anything I can do. The only one who can remove a poison like this is most likely Big Brother Yun... He, he will definitely defeat Xuanyuan Wentian!”


 Zi Ji opened his mouth and continued with a hoarse voice. “If... Ah, no... After Asgard Master Yun defeats that old crook Xuanyuan Wentian, can Princess Snow plead to Asgard Master Yun on our behalf... We will definitely... be most grateful...”


 “Yes...” Spiritual Master Bitter Agony of the Sanctuary hurriedly followed up as well. “Princess Snow’s heart is as pure as ice and snow, you must find it unbearable to see us... die after suffering from such torture... We have to trouble Princess Snow to plead on our behalf. Asgard Master Yun loves Princess Snow so dearly... He will definitely... definitely not reject your request.”


 Of course, this was all under the premise that Yun Che could defeat Xuanyuan Wentian.


 Feng Xue’er lightly bit her lips and all of a sudden, instead said with a strong tone, “If Big Brother Yun is willing to save you all, then he will do it. If he isn’t willing, I... I won’t plead to Big Brother Yun on behalf of you all!”


 Feng Xue’er’s words made the faces of all the people of Absolute Monarch Sanctuary and Supreme Ocean Palace stiffen and even Feng Hengkong and the rest had astonished expressions as well... Because, those words did not sound like something Feng Xue’er would say at all.


 Just like how, in the past, Feng Xue’er had never used her Phoenix flames to burn anyone... nor had she ever taken the life of any living creature.


 And her words, clearly carried deep anger within.


 Very evidently, since the day she brought Yun Che away from Divine Phoenix Sect, she had definitely experienced many, many things...


 “Wh... Why?” Zi Ji painfully asked.


 “Why? I should be asking you people that!” Feng Xue’er turned around. She, who was very rarely angry, unleashed it all towards their resentment at this moment. “Back then at the Devil Sword Conference, you all wanted to harm Big Brother Yun and snatch away Big Brother’s Mirror of Samsara. In the end... In the end, Big Brother Yun chose to forgive all of you! All of you had clearly promised not to seek Big Brother Yun for trouble ever again. But... But... On the day Big Brother Yun and I were engaged, when Big Brother Yun suffered from heavy injuries, it was you people... It was you people again!! If not because Little Demon Empress Sis had rushed over in time back then, Big Brother Yun might have... have...”


 “Big Brother Yun has never done any wrong to any of you but you treat him that way time and time again. Why must Big Brother Yun save you people!? Why must I help plead on your behalf!?”


 Feng Xue’er’s furious speech stunned all the people of Supreme Ocean Palace and Absolute Monarch Sanctunary. Huangji Wuyu’s mouth was agape. I was as if all his energy had escaped from his body when his head instantly drooped down. The expression of Qu Fengyi, who was lying in Zi Ji’s embrace, was deathly pale, her chest heaving intensely and an agonizing, trembling noise emitted from her mouth.


 “There... There must be some sort of misunderstanding here.” Zi Ji shook his head. “Back then during the Devil Sword Conference... we were indeed in the wrong but we had clearly reconciled with Asgard Master Yun. On the day of your engagement, we... we could not be more excited than to personally show up and express our congratulations, when did we ever make things difficult for Asgard Master Yun?”


 “You people! You people clearly did it, yet you still refuse to admit it!” Feng Xue’er grew even more furious, as she pointed her fingers straight at Huangji Wuyu and Qu Fengyi. “All of you ask those two!”


 All the eyes in Absolute Monarch Sanctuary landed on Huangji Wuyu, while all the eyes in Supreme Ocean Palace landed on Qu Fengyi. Spiritual Master Bitter Agony said with difficulty. “Saint Emperor, this... this matter...”


 Huangji Wuyu closed his eyes and slowly said. “We simply... did not wish for the Mirror of Samsara to land in that old crook Xuanyuan’s hands...”


 Zzzzng...


 It was as if something had exploded within the minds of all the Sacred Grounds’ profound practitioners. The bodies of the eleven Spiritual Masters shook, their faces ash-gray. Zi Ji painfully closed his eyes as well. Even though his heart was filled with extreme hatred, with Qu Fengyi already in a half-dead state, how could he possibly utter any words of reproach?


 Dropping a stone onto the man who had fallen into the well once, was something they could still resolve.


 However, after dropping another stone once more... it was already extremely benevolent of Yun Che to not have followed their example, how could they possibly have the face to beg him to save their lives?
Ñøv€lRapture marked the initial hosting of this chapter on Ñôv€lß¡n.

 After his heart had been pierced by Yun Che’s sword, whether it was his profound energy or blood, both rapidly leaked out from Xuanyuan Wentian’s body. The power behind his every subsequent sword strike was gradually weakening and with every breath, the pain he felt intensified. When he swung out his twentieth blow, the Eternal Night Devil Sword had already been smashed into a crescent shape by the Heaven Smiting Devil Slayer Sword.


 Xuanyuan Wentian could no longer take on a blow from Yun Che’s sword and the bones in his arms all shattered into pieces. A deafening explosion resounded in his ears and the scene before his eyes started to spin as he was directly sent smashing towards the bedrock below. Only his head remained exposed on the outside.


 “AAAAAHHHH!!”


 Xuanyuan Wentian furiously howled, the dark light around his body erupting forth. The surrounding bedrock had completely disintegrated into dust but right after, his body began to shake intensely. With his hand firmly grasping on his chest, his heavily injured body seemed to be unable to resist the chaotic water currents as he twisted and turned about. His face that was filled with agony and had turned even more ferocious than an evil ghost.


 “Ha... ha...” Yun Che panted like a cow but he had only paused for a short few breaths of time before he once again raised his sword and charged towards Xuanyuan Wentian.


 He lured Xuanyuan Wentian into the ocean depths for two reasons. One, he did not wish to expose his dark profound energy in front of outsiders and two, he had the absolute advantage within the ocean.


 The ocean currents and water pressure here could restrict people’s movements and spiritual senses and could even increase one’s energy consumption by a considerable degree. However, to Yun Che whose body carried the Evil God’s Water Seed, all these negative influences were completely non-existent. Rather, the rich water elements here could hasten the recovery of his injuries and profound energy.


 “Urgh...” Seeing Yun Che charging towards him again this quickly, a groan that seemed to be filled with agony and despair leaked out from Xuanyuan Wentian’s throat. However, his bone-shattered arms could not even raise the Eternal Night Devil Sword in time.


 Boom!!


 An enormous vortex swirled up within the ocean depths as Xuanyuan Wentian was smashed firmly on his chest. He screamed out and was then sent flying far away, brushing a long streak of crimson-black blood within the ocean water. The Eternal Night Devil Sword had also flown out of his grasp in that motion


 Xuanyuan Wentian flew for several hundreds of meters before he stopped due to the obstruction from the ocean waters. His entire body was like a pile of boneless, tattered flesh while he powerlessly swirled with the tumbling ocean water. It was as if he had completely lost all his energy.


 Though Yun Che’s body was soaked in blood, his expression and aura were still incomparably ferocious.


 Just from profound energy alone, if not because the Darkness Seed and Heaven Smiting Devil Slayer Sword had suppressed Xuanyuan Wentian in all aspects, he indeed would not have been a match for Xuanyuan Wentian.


 However, when speaking of physiques and recovery abilities, Xuanyuan Wentian’s self-proclaimed undefeatable “devil physique” was far from being comparable to his dragon god physique.


 “It’s about time for this to end, Xuanyuan Wentian.” Yun Che panted heavily. Separating the ocean water, he walked towards the silent Xuanyuan Wentian a step at a time.


 At this moment, an irregular black aura suddenly surged from Xuanyuan Wentian’s body. Following after, his eyes opened and his body which was filled with vermillion scars suddenly flipped up. Then, he stretched out his arm and the Eternal Night Devil Sword flew back into his grasp.


 That layer of irregular black aura began spreading toward the Eternal Night Devil Sword as well.


 Suddenly, an intense metallic cry sounded from the Eternal Night Devil Sword and following after, the devil soul within the sword emitted out a hysterical roar. “You... What are you doing!? Ah— Stop!!”


 “...” Yun Che fiercely stopped his feet. At that one moment, he suddenly had a dangerous feeling... It was as if an extremely terrifying evil spirit from a bygone era was awakening within Xuanyuan Wentian’s body.

