

Chapter 467 - The Ghost Who Wont Go Away

  

 “Who are you? Where are you?” Yun Che yelled with his head raised. Since the other party knew of his existence and even sound transmitted to him, then she obviously would be able to hear his voice.


 But it was the same as the last two times; after the voice sounded, it fell silent, without any other sounds of speech. The third voice was also weak, and he could barely hear it, but Yun Che actually had a vague feeling... that the source of the voice was not that far from him.


 “Big Brother Yun, did you hear that weird voice again?” Feng Xue’er asked.


 “Mn.” Yun Che nodded, then consoled her: “Don’t be scared Xue’er, it could just be my misconception due to me being too nervous. This place is so ancient and quiet, there shouldn’t be anyone here.”


 “With Big Brother Yun by my side, I’m not scared at all.” Feng Xue’er said while beaming. Thinking about what she said previously, her expression dimmed once again as she asked faintly: “Big Brother Yun, is the other Lord Phoenix God still well?”


 “Should be still well.” Yun Che pondered, then replied: “The phoenix spirit I had encountered had told me before that it was weaker than your Divine Phoenix Sect’s phoenix spirit. Your phoenix god had suffered heavy injuries back then, and has already passed away. As for the one I encountered, even though it isn’t dead yet, its vitality ought to be greatly injured. But it was still well three years ago.” He paused, then continued: “If Xue’er wants to, I can bring Xue’er to visit that phoenix spirit.”


 “Okay, okay.” Feng Xue’er happily agreed: “This is also Lord Phoenix God’s remaining wish. Oh right, Big Brother Yun, how did you meet that Lord Phoenix God? Can you tell me?”


 Yun Che lifted his head as he fondly thought back to the past. To him, that was a secret that he had never told anyone before. But in front of Feng Xue’er’s clear eyes, he couldn’t raise a single trace of rejection. Wearing a light smile, his voice gently slowed: “That was three years ago... At that time, my profound strength was only at the Nascent Profound Realm. I was being chased by a branch sect member of a sect named Xiao Sect. It was my current princess wife who had saved me soon after... But at that time, she wasn’t my wife yet. I only had just met her at that time... We fled together. Then, the aerial profound beast we were riding on had completely exhausted its strength, and because of the injuries it received from our pursuer, we fell straight down from a high altitude...”


 As Yun Che recalled the memories of that time, he slowly narrated it to Feng Xue’er. When he first started talking, his voice was flat, but his voice couldn’t help but gradually begin to fill with emotion. After all, it was an unforgettable experience for both him and Cang Yue. It was within those tribulations that his emotions were deepened. At the same time, it was also a major turning point in his life. If not for what happened then, the later unstable events wouldn’t have happened; the grievances brought along by the Phoenix flames wouldn’t have happened, and the present him wouldn’t have existed today.


 Yun Che talked for a very long time, narrating the events from entering the Ten Thousand Beast Mountain Range all the way to leaving the Phoenix trial grounds. When he finally finished, he looked down and actually saw Feng Xue’er’s soft lips lightly pursed. Her breathing was as gentle as an orchid; she had already fallen asleep.


 In addition to her completely powerless body, the heavy blows she received and the long hours of fleeing and terror, even though Feng Xue’er had always been carried in Yun Che’s arms, no matter if it was her mental state or body, they had long since been utterly exhausted.


 Amidst Yun Che’s voice, her mind had finally relaxed slightly, and an uncontrollable tiredness caused her to unwittingly fall asleep. Yun Che let out a light sigh of relief as he silently looked at the image of Feng Xue’er’s sleeping, then immediately stared into a daze. Exhaustion gradually attacked him as he leaned his head against the ice-cold wall and also unwittingly fell asleep.


 ——————————————


 “Please... find... her...”


 “Only... you... can... save... her...”


 “Please... find... her...”


 “Ah...” Yun Che trembled, and immediately woke up with that voice still resounding in his ears. And this time, he was unable to tell if it was a real voice or a voice in his dreams.


 “Big Brother Yun...” It was unknown whether Yun Che’s sudden movement had shocked her awake or if she had already been awake. Feng Xue’er’s beautiful eyes flashed slightly as she stared at him unblinkingly.


 “It’s nothing,” Yun Che shook his head: “It’s just that it seems like I heard that weird voice again.”
Ñøv€l-B1n was the first platform to present this chapter.

 Once he finished talking, Yun Che suddenly thought of something. He knitted his brows as he asked his in his consciousness: “Jasmine, how long have I been asleep? From entering the Primordial Profound Ark to now, how many hours have passed?”


 “You didn’t sleep that long, as for how long you’ve been in the Primordial Profound Ark... twenty two hours have passed... or even a little more.”


 “Twenty two hours?” Yun Che’s eyebrows slightly hopped. In other words, he only had not even two hours before the Primordial Profound Ark closes. Just earlier, he had suddenly remembered what Spiritual Master Ancient Blue said to Xia Yuanba... Before the Primordial Profound Ark closes, he must not be in a confined area. This even included ravines and caverns! Otherwise, the twenty fourth hour force would not be able to reach him, and he wouldn’t be able to get out of the Primordial Profound Ark!


 He would also disappear along with the Primordial Profound Ark, and die within the Primordial Profound Ark!


 And the place where he and Feng Xue’er were in, was precisely a truly isolated environment.


 The short sleep from before had restored about fifty to sixty percent of Yun Che’s physical and profound strength. He carried Feng Xue’er and said: “Xue’er, we should leave this place. There’s not even two hours until the Primordial Profound Ark closes, and we can leave now. When that time comes, you’ll truly be safe.”


 “Mn.” Feng Xue’er lightly responded as she subconsciously leaned closer to Yun Che.


 “Let’s go.”


 Yun Che raised his hand and struck a stream of profound energy into the profound formation on the right of the stone door. Instantly, the profound formation flashed, and the tightly closed stone door speedily opened after a short rumbling. Carrying Feng Xue’er, Yun Che walked out. Then, with a single glance, he spotted the descending stone stairs. Earlier, he chose to enter the stone door next to the stone stairs, and suppressed his curiosity to head any deeper, as he was afraid of losing his way. After all, this place was simply too huge. The structure, and the colors of the place were especially uniform as well. With just a slight mistake, he would be completely lost.


 As he walked down the stone stairs, Yun Che’s heart had slightly calmed down as well. The Primordial Profound Ark was quickly about to close. After reaching outside, with Divine Phoenix Sect and Spiritual Master Ancient Blue, Ye Xinghan and Feng Feiyan shouldn’t have the thought of succeeding in their motives, and this crisis would have been considered to be narrowly averted as well. Xia Yuanba was the only one he was currently worried about. He was in possession of a transportation jade, so theoretically speaking, he could totally save his own life. However, Yun Che couldn’t help but worry that he had gamble his own life in order to fight for more time for his own escape.


 Very quickly, he had already descended half of the flight of stairs, and the gigantic hall on the first floor was nearly at the end of his sight. At this moment, Jasmine suddenly let out a solemn voice. “Truly a ghost who won’t go away.”


 “Ghost who won’t go away? What do you mean?” Yun Che blanked, and his footsteps had slowed down as well. Just as he said that, his body suddenly felt a chill... It felt as though he was clearly tightly locked onto by a presence!


 Yun Che suddenly turned his head, and looked below him, in the direction he first came up from... Borrowing the slightly dusky light, he saw a blurry figure currently charging over with extreme speed.


 Ye Xinghan!!


 When Yun Che discovered him, Ye Xinghan had long spotted Yun Che and Feng Xue’er who was in his embrace. His initial pair of darkened eyes instantly shone with an odd light, and his face revealed a surprised joy, to the extent where he let out a nearly crazed laughter. “Haha... Hahahaha! Initially, I had already given up. I never expected that, the heavens will still be generous to me! Hahahaha...”


 Yun Che never expected that when there were merely two hours left before the Primordial Profound Ark closes, in this mysterious and dead-silent fortress, he would actually once again encounter Ye Xinghan. His eyes instantly grew overcast; without even thinking any further, he quickly turned about, and charged up with his quickest speed.


 “This time, I want to see where you two can run off to!!”


 Ye Xinghan’s speed was as quick as lightning. In his eyes, since Yun Che had already landed in his own line of sight, then there would no longer be any possibility of escape. Seeing Yun Che sprinting straight towards the second floor, he smiled sinisterly. Swinging his arm, Sun Moon Calamity instantly shot out an eye-piercing white profound light, slicing towards Yun Che’s legs... Evidently, he was afraid of harming Feng Xue’er by mistake.


 Yun Che’s figure shook as he instantly dodged away with Star God’s Broken Shadow. The profound light struck the handrail of the stone stairs, letting out an extremely ear-piercing ring. The surrounding airflow trembled greatly, yet, the place where the profound light had struck was completely unscathed, not even a single hint of damage and scar could be seen.


 The bricks of this place were terrifyingly tough as expected. Not just Yun Che, even with Ye Xinghan’s impressive strength, he was unable to damage it in the slightest.


 “Hurry and hide inside the stone room! With your speed, it’s impossible to escape him!” Jasmine said solemnly.


 Even without Jasmine’s reminder, Yun Che would do the same as well. Because in a situation like this, that was his only option. With his quickest speed, he charged towards the second floor, and then sprinted towards the courtyard he had stopped at before. When he approached the stone door, Ye Xinghan had already charged to the second floor as well. His distance from Yun Che’s back was only left with less than sixty meters. He laughed coldly, and said with disdain. “Still thinking about running?”


 Ye Xinghan fiercely pushed out his palm, and an extremely violent force of profound energy charged straight towards Yun Che’s back.


 A heavy sense of danger came from behind him. Yun Che had no time to turn around, as he quickly embraced Feng Xue’er tightly, and crazily surged the profound energy in his entire body...


 “Sealing Cloud Locking Sun!!”


 Bang!!!


 Chaotic sounds of explosions rang out, and the barrier Yun Che had set up around his body had only lasted for a mere second before shattering completely. It had blocked against most of the attack, but the part of the energy Yun Che wasn’t able to block was still unbearable for him, and he puked out a huge mouthful of blood. Borrowing the force of the attack, his body flew past the center of the courtyard. Like a meteor, he shot into one of the stone rooms, and his body heavily struck onto the wall inside... However, right before he fell onto the ground, with extremely strong willpower, he maintained his consciousness, and quickly stretched out his arm. With profound energy gathered in his hand, he pushed towards the profound formation at the side of the stone door.


 Rrmm...


 The stone door instantly closed tightly shut, isolating themselves from Ye Xinghan outside.


 Yun Che laid his back onto the ground, and panted with huge breaths as he retracted his stretched-out arm with a little difficulty as well. His back was blasted by Ye Xinghan’s energy, and right after, he heavily struck against the stone wall. Hence, his blood flow was currently in a mess, and his organs had shifted greatly from their original positions as well, as fresh blood constantly trickled down from the corner of his lips. However, for someone who possessed the abilities of a late-stage Emperor Profound Realm to actually be capable of staying alive after blocking an attack that consisted of a third of a middle-stage Overlord’s strength, in this world, only Yun Che could achieve it.


 And in the entire process, Feng Xue’er had been protected by him with all his might, and did not suffer any form of injury. However, she was still worried and frightened to the point where she was about to cry. “Big Brother Yun, you’re fine... You’re fine, right... Big Brother Yun..”


 “I’m... I’m fine...” Yun Che panted with huge breaths. Then, he sat up with great difficulty. He raised up Feng Xue’er up by his side as well, and had her lean against his own shoulder as they leaned against the slightly cold stone wall together. “I’m fine, it’s only a small wound.”


 Bang! Boom! Ding! Clang! Boom...


 Various banging sounds came from the direction of the stone door, which was merely less than tep steps away from them. However, no matter the stone door or the stone wall, under the incomparably intense attacks, neither of them budged a single bit. Yun Che held onto Feng Xue’er’s hand, and consoled her. “Xue’er, don’t worry. He won’t be able to enter.”


 “Mn...” Feng Xue’er leaned against Yun Che’s shoulder, and she tightly hugged onto his arm with both her hands.

