

Chapter 816 - The Scourge of the Devil Orb

  

 Even though Xiao Yun’s mind had received some damage, there were no obvious external wounds on his body. Once his breathing had gradually regulated itself, Yun Che breathed a small sigh of relief as he removed his hands from his temples.


 At this time, a red light flashed in front of him as Jasmine’s exquisite figure appeared in front of him like a spirit.


 “You returned so quickly?” Yun Che said in shock as he stood up. Jasmine had said she wanted to stay in Supreme Ocean Palace for another full day, so he thought that it would still be quite a while before she returned.


 “We can leave now,” Jasmine said with an indifferent expression.


 “Right now?” Yun Che’s mind was shaken as he hurriedly asked, “So you’re saying that you have already found out what was releasing that devil energy in the depths of the Moon Slaughter Devil Nest?”


 “I did indeed find out but it’s better if you didn’t know,” Jasmine said as she turned her dainty face to the side.


 “...” Given Jasmine’s current expression and tone of voice, Yun Che knew that Jasmine would not give him the details on what happened no matter how much he pestered her, so pursuing the matter any further would just be wasted breath.


 “The truth behind this affair involves things that are far beyond your understanding.” Jasmine said as she gave him a bland look, “This is something that I am unable to tell you or anyone else. It is something that only I can know.”


 “It’s that serious...” Yun Che muttered as his gaze turned blank for a moment.


 “You should worry about yourself first,” Jasmine said with sunken brows. “Haven’t you discovered that there is something extra nestled in your profound veins?”


 “I noticed it.” Yun Che said as his expression tightened, “Last night, I discovered it when I was in the middle of healing my injuries. Just what is that thing? Why is it fused with my profound veins?”


 Yesterday, Yun Che had used all of his strength to kill the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign. After the deed had been, all of his profound energy had been exhausted, he had been heavily wounded all over and his five senses had grown incredibly weak. So even though he noticed that the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign did something to his body before he died, he was not clear on what the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign had done. After that, he had fainted dead away.


 Last night, when he was healing his own injuries, he suddenly discovered, to his astonishment, that there was a round orb that was wrapped up by red light nestled in his profound veins. Yun Che was exceptionally familiar with that red light as it was Jasmine’s power. Jasmine’s power was incomparably tyrannical, it had completely sealed away the object that it surrounded and not a thread of energy leaked out.


 However, what caused him the most bewilderment and shocked was that even though this thing existed in his profound veins, he still did not feel the slightest bit out of sorts. If he had not inspected his profound veins when he was healing himself, he would not even have discovered its existence... It was as if it had completely merged with his profound veins, forming a perfect marriage with his Evil God Profound Veins.


 “Devil origin orb,” Jasmine said in a rather serious tone.


 “Devil origin orb?”


 “When the devils of the primordial devil race are first gestating in their mother’s wombs, they start out as a devil origin orb. After that, the devil origin orb will begin to form the devil body, devil soul and the devil god origin energy.” Jasmine walked in front of Yun Che and pointed at his heart area, checking if any changes had occurred to the devil origin orb that she had sealed away, “In other words, a devil origin orb is the source of a devil’s life, soul and power! That is also why it is called ‘devil origin orb’ in the first place.”


 “When you put it that way, it sounds an awful lot like the profound core of a profound beast,” Yun Che said in a doubtful voice.


 “You can choose to understand it that way,” Jasmine said as she moved her hand away from Yun Che’s chest, her face grave and serious.


 “Why would the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign want to insert his devil origin orb into my profound veins? Could he be thinking of using the power of the devil origin orb to destroy my profound veins? Also, profound veins naturally repulse all foreign energy and that applies even more to foreign objects. Moreover this is the Evil God Profound Veins we are talking about... but the feeling that devil origin orb is giving me is that it has merged with my profound veins and I can’t feel any resistance from my profound veins towards it. What’s up with that?”


 After the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign had flung out his devil origin orb, he had quickly succumbed to death. If not, he would still be able to struggle on for a while more. Furthermore, when Yun Che recalled the words he had said when he had flung out his devil origin orb, he could not help but shudder as a chill coursed through his body.


 “Pathetic human being... who has also inherited the power of the Evil God... this king... will sacrifice his devil orb... in order to consign you to eternal... damnation!!


 Yun Che, “...”


 “You’re right, it definitely shouldn’t have been so easy for a devil origin orb to merge with your Evil God Profound Veins. I suspect that it was because your level of profound strength is too low coupled with your weakened state due to your severe injuries. Those two things combined probably left you too weak to resist, so your profound veins were unable to prevent the devil origin orb from forcefully merging with them.”


 Jasmine did not sound entirely sure of herself. Even though Yun Che was weak, these were the Evil God Profound Veins they were talking about here. It was something that was on the same level as a devil origin orb—even then, because of how strong the Evil God had been, the level of the Evil God Profound Veins should have exceeded the level of the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign’s devil origin orb. In any case, they should not have been so easily invaded and should have at least shown some signs of resistance.


 Especially because... as the profound veins of a god, they should have an extremely strong repulsion towards anything “devilish”.


 But other than this, she could not think of any explanation.


 “As for the purpose behind the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign’s action, my best bet is that he wanted to use the devil energy that would be released by the devil origin orb to gradually erode you from the inside. Also, since it merged with your profound veins, even if there was a way to remove it, it would definitely deal severe damage to your profound veins as well. If you let it remain, even though it will be profound energy that your own profound veins will release, you still have no ability to control darkness profound energy. So this will only end up with you being wracked by pain until you meet a gruesome end.”


 These were also just Jasmine’s guesses.


 But in the end, she was not a devil and she had never seen a true devil besides the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign. So her understanding of the devil origin orb came solely from the star god’s memories she had inherited and as a result, she only had the most shallow understanding of it.


 “So... that means there is no way to get rid of it?”


 Jasmine pondered that question for a moment before replying blandly, “My understanding of the devil origin orb isn’t much better than yours. Moreover, it has already fused with your profound veins, so I don’t dare make any rash moves. Furthermore, given my current strength, there is no way I can get rid of a true devil’s devil origin orb. The only good thing is that the power of this devil origin orb has nearly completely withered away, so I can easily seal it away with my power, causing it to be unable to release dark devil energy. But my seal will last for at most two to three months, after that I will need to seal it again.”


 “Ah, then that’s alright, isn’t it?” Jasmine’s words had not only not caused Yun Che to get anxious, it had actually calmed him down quite a bit instead, “That means I’ll have to rely on your power to reseal this devil origin orb every two to three months?”


 Jasmine rolled her eyes at him as she spoke huffily, “An object that can take your life at any time has been buried within your body, yet you can still laugh about it.”


 “So what if there is? As long as Jasmine is around, why would I need to be concerned?” Yun Che looked at the girl in front of him as he smiled merrily, “Now that I think about it, seven years ago, you had been struck by a devilish poison, so you were forced to abandon your body and you had to rely on me to survive on as a spirit body. Right now, your devilish poison has been completely purged and you have reformed your body, so you no longer need to rely on me. But now it’s my turn to rely on you for my survival.”


 Jasmine, “...”


 Yun Che leaned forward as he tried to portray a piteous appearance, “For the past seven years, I have never abandoned you or given up on you. Right now, I’ve been harmed by the devil origin orb of that Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign, so if you don’t take care of me, I’ll die in just a few months... You definitely won’t abandon me and leave me behind, right?”


 “Hmph!” Jasmine’s delicate and tender arms shot out in front of her as she gave a cold sniff of extreme disdain. But after that she suddenly changed the subject, “How are you going to deal with Xuanyuan Wentian and the rest of them?”


 “Xuanyuan Wentian is an extremely dangerous man. He also indirectly caused the death of my grandfather and nearly killed my parents as well, so I’m definitely not going to let him off.” Yun Che’s eyebrows sunk, “His son, Xuanyuan Wendao, was also the one who killed Xiao Ying, the chief architect behind the Xiao Family’s tragedy... So there will come a day when I personally cripple him and hand him over to Grandfather and Xiao Yun to deal with!”


 “Sun Moon Divine Hall was also among those who pursued my parents all those years ago, nearly causing us to lose our lives. So I definitely won’t let them off either.” Yun Che’s tone grew softer after that, “As for Absolute Monarch Sanctuary and Supreme Ocean Palace, even though Huangji Wuyu and Qu Fengyi have indeed earned my scorn, it is not to the extent where I can’t let go of it. Furthermore, Yuanba is also involved... I think that you have already taught them a lesson today on my behalf.”


 “Deal with them as you please.” Jasmine said in a seemingly unconcerned and indifferent manner, “The only thing I care about is when you will be able to kill them using your own strength. You should know why I spared their lives this day.”


 Yun Che raised a hand to his jaw as he descended into thought, “Jasmine, you kept urging me to get stronger in the past because my level of strength affected whether you could reconstitute your body or not. But right now... it seems that you are still very anxious to see me get stronger.”


 “That’s because you’re my disciple!” Jasmine yelled sternly, “In my lifetime, I will only have you as my disciple. So if my disciple can’t even beat a bunch of mere Sovereign Profound Realm trash, then what dignity will I be left with... Hmph.”


 Jasmine’s voice stopped abruptly and she merely followed it up with a cold sniff.


 Sovereign Profound Realm... trash...


 Countless profound practitioners in the Profound Sky Continent did not even dare dream of reaching the Sovereign Profound Realm but in Jasmine’s eyes, the people who had reached this level of strength were “mere trash”...


 “You don’t need to worry about it.” Yun Che said as he took a deep breath, “From the moment Grandfather left this world, I made a vow in front of his corpse that I would personally administer vengeance on his behalf. Just for the sake of taking revenge on behalf of Grandfather, I will definitely execute Xuanyuan Wentian myself. Furthermore, if I want to execute Xuanyuan Wentian, I won’t just need to beat him alone... I will need to face the entire Mighty Heavenly Sword Region as well.”


 “Good.” Jasmine said as she slowly nodded her head, “Then I will give you twenty four years. Within twenty four years, you need to achieve enough strength to kill Xuanyuan Wentian and level all of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region.”


 “Eh? Twenty four years? Why must it be twenty four years?” Yun Che asked in a faintly astonished voice.


 “Because the Netherworld Udumbara Flower within the Moon Slaughter Devil Nest will bloom again twenty four years from now.” Jasmine said in a calm voice, “At that time, I will personally pluck it myself and then my body and soul will be able to achieve perfect unison. After that... I will leave this place and return to the place I belong. If you still don’t have enough power at that time, your only option will be to die at the hands of Xuanyuan Wentian or Ye Meixie.”


 “Other than that, it should probably take me twenty four years to figure out how to release you from the scourge of the devil origin orb.”


 After she said all of this, Jasmine had unconsciously turned away from Yun Che, so that he would not see the deeply complex emotions that twinkled in the depths of her starry eyes.


 Even though her back was facing Yun Che, she could still clearly feel those agitated emotions that he was unable to control.


 “Good! Twenty four years worth of time... I definitely won’t let you down,” Yun Che said vigorously nodding his head. Even though he was extremely good at concealing his feelings, at this moment, Yun Che could not stop his joy from seeping into his every word and action.


 After Jasmine had successfully reconstituted her body, the thing he was most afraid of was her departure. In the past, she had mentioned more than once that the moment she had gotten rid of the devilish poison and reconstituted her body was the moment she would leave. She had also said that she would leave for good and that he would never see her again.


 Because she was someone who completely did not belong to this world.


 But now, Jasmine had personally told him that she would be with him for at least another twenty four years!


 In the face of this joyous occasion, even the devil origin orb, which was nestled in his body and could rob him of his life at any moment, seemed completely insignificant.


 “Well, I hope that’s the case,” Jasmine said as she assumed the air of an aged expert and conducted herself with the confident attitude of a master, “Return with Xiao Yun to Floating Cloud City first. From today till the moment you celebrate your engagement ceremony... hmph, with Feng Xue’er, focus on recovering your health and profound strength completely! I will not allow you to slack off for even half a day!”


 “I’ll immediately go call Xue’er and Yuanba.” Yun Che said excitedly as he rushed outside.


 As the sound of the door slamming shut rang out behind her, Jasmine turned around and looked at the door which blocked Yun Che’s departing figure from her gaze. The frosty haughtiness in her eyes slowly faded and what replaced it was a blurry mistiness...


 “Just what am I...”


 Yun Che brought along Xia Yuanba, Feng Xue’er and the still unconscious Xiao Yun with him as he used the Primordial Profound Ark to travel from Supreme Ocean Palace back to Floating Cloud City.


 Ever since Xiao Yun had disappeared, the atmosphere within the entire Xiao Family had been one of fright and anxiety. Number Seven Under Heaven would spend the days weeping away. She was not able to sleep or rest under these conditions and she was nearing the point of collapse. She brought along Number One Under Heaven with her as they embarked on a wild goose chase without rest or respite. But after they had received the news from Frozen Cloud Asgard, they had all gathered within Xiao Lie’s small courtyard after noontime. They waited patiently there as they hovered between anxiety and hope.


 Once Yun Che appeared, Xiao Lingxi, Number Seven Under Heaven and Number One Under Heaven rushed towards him. Once Number Seven Under Heaven saw Xiao Yun, whom Yun Che had been dragging along with him, she let out a great cry of joy as she staggered into his arms. After that, she started wailing uncontrollably and she did not speak for a good long while.


 “Little Che, is Xiao Yun...” Xiao Lingxi asked in an extremely anxious and tense voice.


 “Don’t worry, he’s alright.” Yun Che said with a faint smile.


 “Seventh Sister, I’m handing Xiao Yun back to you right now. For the next few days, his mind will be very exhausted and he will need to sleep for fourteen to sixteen hours every day. Other than that, he hasn’t even lost a single hair on his head and after eight to ten days, he will be good as new. So you can stop worrying now,” Yun Che said with a relaxed expression on his face.


 If a “genius doctor” like Yun Che said that there would be no problem, then there definitely would not be a problem. Number Seven Under Heaven wept and smiled with joy and emotion as she tried her best to wipe the tears from her face, “Big Brother Yun, thank you. We are once again...”


 “Xiao Yun and I are brothers. Saving him is only natural, so what is there to thank me for?” Yun Che said with a grin, “Now, why don’t you hurry up and carry your dearest Brother Yun back to your room... Oh, right, don’t forget to tell Grandfather as well, he is definitely worried sick.”


 “Mn!” Number Seven Under Seven replied loudly before she picked up Xiao Yun and scampered off.
This creation is firmly rooted in the depths of Nøv€lß¡n★

 “Brother Yun, just what exactly transpired?” Number One Under Heaven spoke in a low and grave voice as he strode to Yun Che’s side. The anxiety and pressure that had been building up in him for the last few days had left him with a bellyful of rage and ire.


 “It was all due to my negligence.” Yun Che said with a low sigh, “I had thought that I had left no gaps but I never would have thought...I grossly underestimated the Four Sacred Grounds.


 “It was them after all!” Number One Under Heaven exclaimed as he gritted his teeth tightly in rage.


 “But you don’t need to worry, everything has been settled now. Even if you continue to stay, there won’t be any danger. After Xiao Yun has woken up, I’ll tell all of you exactly what happened.”


 :


 I know I stated that I was going to China with mommychu to visit grannychu and was hoping to return sometime June or so, but mommychu struck again, pushing our flight to June 1st. My trip to China is also now extended from June to the middle of July. Due to this trip, the planned double daily month releases for MEN will now be even more delayed. They WILL still come out after my trip though! Any regular chapters for every one of our series will still be coming out when I’m there (MEN 7, ATG 7, SR *TBD by Patreon*). I will try my best to get them out according to schedule, but if any chapters are missed due to chinachu problems, all of them will be made up when I get home.


 I know some people do not read the chapter posts in their haste to read the chapter so I’ll be leaving this message at the bottom of each chapter as a reminder!

