

Chapter 1174 - Gift of the Ice Phoenix

  

 Yun Che kept looking for Mu Xuanyin for a long while, but still didn’t find any trace of her.


 He began to think of a possibility... Oh right! Right now, the Conferred God Battle is going on. Don’t tell me that Master is watching the battle through some star tablet?


 Could it be that Palace Master Bingyun didn’t inform Master of my return?


 Yun Che was too pressed for time. He had no choice but to disregard other things and fly straight towards the Heavenly Netherfrost Lake.


 Chilly fog was circulating in the sky above, as an absolutely beautiful gaze silently watched Yun Che’s figure heading into the distance.


 “Sigh,” she let out a faint sigh, and her complicated and melancholic voice contained a deep sense of helplessness. There were fluctuations emerging in her mind, which had always stayed quiet, because of him.


 “Should I break his legs...?” she said to herself in a light tone.


 ——————————————


 The barrier around the Heavenly Netherfrost Lake was unable to block Yun Che. He passed straight through it, and went to the place that he was most familiar with in the God Realm. He let out a faint breath, before directly jumping into the heavenly lake, and rushed straight to the bottom of the heavenly lake.


 The Heavenly Netherfrost Lake contained an inconceivably dense cold aura, but he only experienced the pleasantness of his body and soul feeling extremely refreshed. Countless cool and refreshing auras hurriedly gushed into his body. These auras could not only transform into his energy, they could also make his profound strength and injuries recover at an extremely fast rate. The Heavenly Netherfrost Lake was one of the most important reasons for his cultivation progressing so swiftly.


 But at this moment, Yun Che didn’t have the composure to enjoy these comfortable and refreshing auras, as he moved straight downward with the fastest speed possible.


 One hundred feet...


 One thousand feet...


 Ten thousand eight hundred feet...


 Fifty four thousand feet...


 All of a sudden, clear and crystalline blue light appeared in the originally completely dark underwater world. A blue light in the shape of an arc appeared in Yun Che’s line of sight, which was coming from the cold vein at the bottom of the lake.
Unearth this data, retracing it to the very heart of Nøv€lß¡n★

 Yun Che quickly slowed down, and very soon, his legs stepped on a layer of crystal-like fragmented sand.


 Although he had stayed at the Heavenly Netherfrost Lake all day and night for such a long period of time, it was still only his second time coming to the lake bottom.


 Following the direction of the arc shining with blue light, Yun Che walked ahead slowly. Very soon, a glittering and translucent block of ice, which was in the shape of a water nut, came into his line of sight. It was quietly embedded inside the azure world.


 Within the ice block was the dreamy figure of a girl who was in a curled-up position. Her jadelike arms were wrapped around her knees, and her beautiful neck was buried in between her knees. There was not a single piece of clothing on her body. Her legs were fine as white gems, and long and thin. Her jadelike feet were small and exquisite like a lotus. Her snow white skin seemed as if it was made of jade, possessing the brilliance of moons and stars.


 Passing through the light blue water, shining white light was spilling down, blocking her face as well as the most forbidden place on a girl’s body from the view of others.


 “Yun Che... why have you come here?”


 Yun Che stood quietly for a while, thinking how he should put the thoughts in his mind into words. Inside his mind, he had already heard the dreamy, lovely and delicate voice of the girl.


 Under the heavens, it was solely Yun Che who knew that the girl within the ice crystal before his eyes, was actually the only True God from the Primordial Era, in the whole Primal Chaos dimension who wasn’t annihilated completely.


 Although she could only depend on this last cold vein to drift through life, and was just a fine line away from being annihilated thoroughly.


 “If there comes a day when you feel that your power has become strong enough, and your willpower and resolve are sufficiently firm to undertake a heavy responsibility in the face of great waves, you can come to look for me again. I’ll tell you all the truth there is...”


 “Furthermore, I’ll bestow all of my energy to you.”


 “...This is still the last thing I can do and also... the best ending for myself that I could think of.”


 Back then, she had personally said these words to him.


 He had no idea what the “great waves” or “heavy responsibility” that the ice phoenix girl had mentioned were, so it was even more impossible for him to have sufficient “willpower” and “resolve”, but right now he was in urgent need of power... He required something that could quickly increase his power in a short period of time.


 Having calmly pondered for a while, Yun Che finally opened his mouth, “Ice Phoenix Divine Spirit, I’ve come here... to make a very selfish request. I want to ask you to... bestow me some of your power.”


 “...Why?” the girl inquired. Her voice was still so soft, as if he was hearing it in a dream.


 “I... want to see a person. There are some things that I want to tell her to her face. I want to make her see my determination, and also... I want to be strong enough to be able to protect her someday,” Yun Che said in an incomparably serious tone. “I need enough strength to be able to meet her. If I fail to fulfill this wish of mine, I’ll certainly regret it for the rest of my life. Therefore, I ask you to help me.”


 It was completely quiet in the azure world.


 After a long time passed, the girl let out a light sigh, “I’m sorry, but I’m unable to agree to that.”


 Yun Che, “...”


 “Dividing my power will shorten the period of my existence, and I must exist until ‘that day’ comes. If you make a similar request on ‘that day,’ I’ll bestow you everything I have without the slightest hesitation... But I can’t agree to do so right now just for your selfish reasons. I hope that you don’t think badly of me.”


 “...” Yun Che’s chest heaved slightly, but he wasn’t surprised or disappointed. He also didn’t continue to demand insistently, and smiled faintly instead, “It was certainly too selfish of me to make such a request. It’s only natural for you to not agree. I apologize for disturbing your peaceful sleep. I’ll try to look for other methods.”


 Yun Che wasn’t surprised in the least by the refusal of the ice phoenix girl. When he was preparing to leave, the light and soft voice of the girl called him to stop, “Wait a moment... I may not be able to divide my power right now, but I can give you a part of my divine soul.”


 Yun Che turned around as he revealed a look of surprise on his face.


 “Although that would be equivalent to shortening the period of my existence too, I’d still have enough strength to exist until that day.”


 An ice-blue light flashed on the crystal, after which, a water drop-shaped shining star condensed gradually. Then, as if it was being carried by a light breeze, it flew over in front of Yun Che’s eyes.


 “The divine power contained within this wisp of divine soul is extremely difficult for an ordinary person to transform into their own power. It’s solely you who can easily do such a thing in a short period of time. If you can completely assimilate it within you, it will be enough to raise your current cultivation level by two small realms. The increase in your soul power will be far greater than that of your profound strength, which will help you in the long-term.”


 “This is the most I can do for you right now.”


 Yun Che’s gaze became limpid, as he said gratefully, “Thank you very much. I’ll certainly not forget this favor of yours.”


 “You don’t have to thank me. You should be clear that I’m not helping you simply for your sake alone,” the ice phoenix girl said in a faint tone of voice. “If... you truly feel grateful in your heart, then can you agree to a request of mine?”


 She had said, “request” ...


 As the only existing divine spirit, she had actually used the word “request” in front of an ordinary person such as Yun Che.


 “Okay, please tell me.” Yun Che heavily nodded his head. “So long as it’s within my capabilities, I’ll definitely agree to it.”


 “If... there comes a day, when the word is suddenly in a state of upheaval, and everything is enveloped within a crimson despair... I ask you to certainly come to look for me...”


 World is... in a state of upheaval?


 Crimson despair?


 Yun Che was just about to inquire about what she had said, when the voice of the girl reached his ears once again, “No need to ask any further, because it’s still too early for you to know about everything. I only wish that you, who have inherited the seed of hope left behind by the Evil God, fully agree to do as have I said.”


 “Alright.” Yun Che didn’t give it much thought, as he nodded at once. “If such a day truly comes, I’ll certainly come to seek your help, even if you didn’t ask for it.”


 “...Hmm,” the ice phoenix girl let out a pleased sound in response. The ice-blue shining star that was drifting before Yun Che, also flew over to him at this time. It came into contact with Yun Che’s body, and slowly merged into the place between his brows.


 Immediately, Yun Che clearly saw a bright and blue shining star appearing within his soul.


 Yun Che didn’t refine it at once, and said again in gratitude, “I thank you for the help, Ice Phoenix Divine Spirit. Although I don’t know what is going to happen in the future, and also don’t believe that I’m great enough to carry out any such mission, I agree to definitely do as you have said.”


 “At present, you don’t need to think too much about it. Although that day will come for sure, even someone such as me is unable to predict the exact time of its arrival. You don’t have to feel the burden of the responsibility at such an early date. Even though you have inherited the ‘seed’ left behind by the Evil God, you’re an independent existence. There is no one who has the right to force you to bear any responsibility.”


 Her voice paused, before she said suddenly, “It seems that... you use the power of the Profound Handle within your body on very few occasions?”


 Yun Che was slightly startled in his heart. Not understanding the reason for her bringing up the topic of Profound Handle, he nodded his head in affirmation, “The Profound Handle is a very powerful power to the people of my clan, but my power is mainly centered around the use of the elements or a heavy sword, and relying on the Evil God’s profound veins to amplify my profound strength. These things that I usually use to fight have no power boosting effect on my Profound Handle. Especially, when my profound strength reached the divine way, although the Profound Handle is still helpful, its attack power is quite low in comparison to other means, and consumes a huge amount of energy despite that. Therefore, I very rarely use it in a fight.”


 The ice phoenix girl remained silent for a while, before she said slowly, “The Profound Handle is one of the powers that exist within your body. It is not only linked with your bloodline, it also has a firm connection with your profound veins and soul. When the Evil God’s profound veins amplify your profound strength, it’s not that it doesn’t have any effect on the Profound Handle, rather... it is likely that there isn’t a sufficient degree of agreement between the ‘Profound Handle’ and your ‘profound veins.’”


 “Sufficient degree of... agreement?”


 “Besides, you can try fusing the Profound Handle and your soul with each other. Given your special soul power and comprehension ability, perhaps, you might be able to come into contact with some other special power.”


 The ice phoenix girl could only give her advice to him. It naturally depended on Yun Che himself as to whether he would be able to truly realize what she had said.


 The agreement between profound veins and Profound Handle...


 Fusing soul and Profound Handle...


 The Profound Handle existed in one’s bloodline, but profound veins were the basic source of its power. So as to control the Profound Handle, it was natural that soul power was essential... In other words, they all were “linked together.”


 But the “agreement” and “fusion” the ice phoenix girl talked about, were evidently not referring to such a simple interconnection... Just what exactly did she mean?


 “Although there are things that I don’t understand, I’ll try to comprehend your words when I cultivate from now on,” Yun Che said with a nod.


 “I believe that you’ll certainly have some results before long.”


 “Other than that, there is also something that I should tell you. It’s related to your Master Mu Xuanyin. She is actually... I...”


 The voice of the ice phoenix girl became lighter all of a sudden. After hesitating for a bit, she didn’t continue to speak any further.


 Yun Che was taken aback, and he promptly asked, “What about my Master?”


 “...” Having stayed quiet for a while, the ice phoenix girl said in a light tone, “You only need to know that although she sometimes shows an astonishing side of her... she definitely won’t do any harm to you. You can completely trust her in any and all matters.”


 Yun Che stared blankly, before nodding his head lightly, “Master has always been very good to me. Even if I commit mistakes frequently, including very big mistakes, she eventually chooses to forgive me.”


 “...Go now. She is waiting for you in the sky above the heavenly lake. If you want to raise your strength in a short period of time, your master has the most suitable method for you.”


 Master is... in the sky above the heavenly lake?


 Yun Che bid farewell to the ice phoenix girl. Then, he unleashed his profound aura, as he headed upward against the flow of water, towards the surface of the lake.


 The bottom of the Heavenly Netherfrost Lake once again returned to its usual quiet and lonely atmosphere as soon as Yun Che left. A long time passed when the faint sigh of the girl resounded.


 “The crack on the Wall of Primal Chaos has already reached a length of over three hundred meters, and the crimson rays of light are about to shine on the world. Mankind has likely discovered its existence by now, but they will never be able to imagine how terrifying a calamity is hiding behind it.”


 “It is basically impossible for the current world to be able to survive through that calamity...”


 “Yun Che... I can only pray that... you manage to lead everything to that best possible outcome that I have in mind... Moreover, you are the only one who can accomplish such a thing.”

