

Chapter 1583 - Witch Chanyi

 “What if she chooses to ignore the consequences and kill us because she’s too angry?” Yun Che asked.


 “I’m sure she wouldn’t!” Qianye Ying’er declared with cast-iron certainty, “You think you know women better than I do?”


 “That actually is a good question,” Yun Che replied coldly.


 “Don’t worry, even if the thought did cross her mind, her master would never allow it,” Qianye Ying’er said with a chilling smile on her face.


 “Do you know the ‘Devil Queen’ well?”


 “I don’t, but...” Qianye Ying’er’s eyes turned strange as she spoke. “Her life’s journey itself is proof that she is an incredibly ambitious person. She may even be the most ambitious woman in the entire world. So there’s no way someone like her will give up on a once-in-a-lifetime chance...”


 “No, a one-of-a-kind chance like you!”


 “That is why we need to avoid being reactive as much as possible now that we know they are keeping an eye on us.”


 A lot of time had passed since their last meeting. If Nanhuang Chanyi really was a “Shadow”, then his arrival to the Northern Divine Region must’ve reached the Devil Queen’ ears already, especially since Yun Che had practically revealed himself to Nanhuang Chanyi.


 However, Qianye Ying’er was equally sure that the Devil Queen wouldn’t reveal Yun Che’s identity to the world. On the contrary, she would do everything in her power to keep him hidden from the other king realms.


 For now, this was all just speculation. However—Qianye Ying’er looked toward the south—she wouldn’t have to wait long for an answer.
Unearth this data, retracing it to the very heart of Nøv€lß¡n★

 Yun Che was doing the same thing. Nanhuang Chanyi was approaching them swiftly from that direction.


 It had been exactly half a year since the Central Ruins Battle.


 Nanhuang Chanyi was dressed exactly the same as she was before: golden clothes, phoenix patterns, and a headdress with jeweled tassels that hid her face. She landed softly in front of the duo before looking at her surroundings, looking slightly surprised by the changes in the weather. However, she quickly focused her attention back on Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er and greeted them with a nod, “Young Master Yun, Fairy Ying, long time no... see.”


 “Heh!” It was clear that Qianye Ying’er absolutely scorned the title she was given.


 Nanhuang Chanyi’s tone had changed drastically at the end of her sentence. She stared at Yun Che for a long time before exhaling deeply, saying, “Young Master Yun, your growth is truly... astounding.”


 Half a year ago, Yun Che was a level five Divine King. At the time, his cultivation level already differed from the rumors. But now... he was a level ten Divine King already!?


 “You’re just a Divine Spirit, but you saw through my cultivation level. I believe you’re even more impressive than I am,” Yun Che said indifferently.


 Nanhuang Chanyi smiled at them and asked, “My master wishes to meet you both. Is that...”


 “We’re not interested!” Qianye Ying’er declared before Yun Che had even said anything. Her tone was cold and absolutely final.


 “Don’t worry, my master holds no ill intent towards either of you. On the contrary, she believes she shares a lot of common goals with you two. That is why she wants me to inform you that she’ll lend you any help you need, to the fullest extent... any help at all.”


 The declaration wasn’t something Nanhuang Chanyi had made up herself. It was exactly what her “master” had told her to say. It had taken her a long time to come to terms with the offer herself when she first heard it from her “master’s” own mouth.


 But after witnessing Yun Che’s impossible growth with her own eyes, she was starting to understand why her “master” had promised such a thing.


 “Let me guess, the help comes with one condition—she wants us to visit the Soul Stealing Realm, doesn’t she?” Qianye Ying’er said with a smile.


 “...” Nanhuang Chanyi looked at her for a moment before sighing, “You really are... the Brahma Monarch Goddess!”


 Qianye Ying’er’s speculations up to this point were spot on.


 “Heh, the same goes for you, ‘Witch’. I knew you knew about my true identity,” Qianye Ying’er replied sneeringly.


 Nanhuang Chanyi said, “Your hair looked like it was made of gold, and your beauty puts me to shame even though your face is concealed. You are a Divine Sovereign, but your soul pressure is incredibly intimidating. And finally, your current name is ‘Qianying’... It feels unbelievable, but Chanyi can’t help but think of the Lady Goddess who just escaped the Eastern Divine Region not long ago.”


 “How much do you know about Yun Che?” Qianye Ying’er asked suddenly, “Or should I say, how much does Chi Wuyao know about him!?”


 Who would dare address the “Devil Queen” directly by her name in the Northern Divine Region?


 Qianye would, and she was even qualified considering her former status and height.


 “A lot,” Nanhuang Chanyi’s reply was simple and calm.


 “Does that include the ‘Devil Emperor’?” The temperature in Qianye Ying’er’s gaze suddenly dropped several degrees lower. Her gaze almost looked sharp enough to pierce through the jeweled tassels and reach Nanhuang Chanyi’s pupils.


 “Yes,” Nanhuang Chanyi replied.


 “...” Both Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er kept quiet for a moment. Then, Qianye Ying’er smiled again and said, “Her information network runs this deep? It seems like Chi Wuyao’s ambition is even bigger than I imagined. Is she planning to free the Northern Divine Region from its cage, and engulf the rest of the divine regions in darkness?”


 Behind the jeweled tassels, darkness flashed across Nanhuang Chanyi’s pupils. She replied, “Isn’t that your ultimate goal as well? You, who have been driven into darkness?”


 Nanhuang Chanyi’s reply was again, simple, but it was enough to reveal Chi Wuyao’s terrifying ambition to Qianye Ying’er.


 The Northern Divine Region has never stopped plotting to free themselves from their cage, but not only were they not able to do it, they were barely able to put any measures into practice at all. No foreign enemy could threaten a Northern Region profound practitioner inside their shrinking domain, but the same rule also applied in reverse. If they tried to move beyond the boundaries of their domain, any divine region had enough power to crush them with ease... much less all three of them combined.


 The three divine regions were always on guard against each other. Sometimes, secret wars even broke out between them. But no divine region had ever thought of the Northern Divine Region as a serious threat.


 It was clear to Qianye Ying’er that the Devil Queen, Chi Wuyao, was secretly building her edge without the three divine regions realizing at all... But even if they did, they would probably think of it as nothing more than a farce.


 If the ambitious Devil Queen really knew Yun Che to the extent she claimed, then it did make sense that she would do everything in her power to nurture Yun Che, a bearer of a Creation God’s divine power and a True God prophecy, into her sharpest tool!


 After Qianye Ying’er thought up to this point, she said, “Well said! That’s exactly what Yun Che and I are aiming for. This is our first time showing up in the Northern Divine Region, and we are as lonely and poor as a speck of dust here. We are truly honored that the Devil Queen would lend us her help and even promise us this much despite our previous identity. Therefore, we find absolutely no reason to turn down her offer.”


 “...?” Yun Che kept quiet and allowed Qianye Ying’er to continue.


 “However,” Qianye Ying’er’s tone changed suddenly, “The Devil Queen wants a ‘cooperative’ relationship, right? Cooperation can only exist between equals, and right now we’re so weak that we don’t even qualify as cannon fodder in the Soul Stealing Realm. We’d only be a laughing stock if we head there right now.”


 “Does that mean you’re turning down my master’s offer, Fairy Ying?” Nanhuang Chanyi asked. “What about Young Master Yun?”


 “Of course not,” Qianye Ying’er continued. “It is cool under a large tree—it is a simple concept anyone can grasp. But no matter how sincere the Devil Queen is, it doesn’t change the fact that our strength is lacking. At our current level, the most we can do in a king realm is rely on our host’s charity... I’m sure you understand what I’m saying, my Witch.”


 Nanhuang Chanyi, “...”


 “We are absolutely honored by the Devil Queen’s attention and invitation, and we don’t intend to turn down her offer at all. So, I’ll accept it right now on behalf of my master, Yun Che.” Qianye Ying’er sounded completely sincere. “However, we’ll meet her... in three hundred years instead of now.”


 Before Nanhuang Chanyi could say anything, Qianye Ying’er continued, “The Devil Queen promised to fulfill any of our requests as long as we agree to ‘cooperate’... Surely you and your master have no reason to turn down such a simple request?”


 “In any case, three hundred years is but the blink of an eye compared to the eternal darkness of the Northern Divine Region.”


 Qianye Ying’er easily cut off any objection Nanhuang Chanyi might’ve had with the Devil Queen’s promise. The phoenix woman fell silent for a moment before asking, “What happens in three hundred years?”


 “Once three hundred years is over, Yun Che and I will meet with the Devil Queen whether or not we’re qualified to enter the Soul Stealing Realm,” Qianye Ying’er promised calmly.


 Qianye Ying’er had chosen a believable timeline to act as a cover.


 Three hundred years was a very short time to a profound practitioner. In fact, it was as fleeting as smoke to a Divine Sovereign or a Divine Master. Just one seclusion could easily last several three hundred year spans.


 To the average Divine Sovereign, one level increase in three hundred years was already a massive improvement.


 But Qianye Ying’er lived intimately with Yun Che day and night, and the things she had seen from him thus far could only be described as legendary. She was absolutely certain that he could evolve into a completely new person in three hundred years.


 Actually, three hundred years was too much time. He would grow to a point where it was impossible for Chi Wuyao to control him in decades at most, if not sooner.


 She suspected that the actual time Yun Che would take to reach that level would be so short that it was impossible for Chi Wuyao, for anyone, to even imagine, much less be prepared for.


 It was the best delaying tactic she could think of on the spot... Had she tried to turn down Chi Wuyao’s offer by force, there was no telling what that woman would do considering her terrifying ambition and “sincerity”.


 “What do you think, Young Master Yun?” Nanhuang Chanyi asked.


 “We will pay a visit to the Soul Stealing Realm in three hundred years,” Yun Che said. “However, we’ll be busy with our own things in the meantime, and we don’t want to be disturbed at all. Surely the Devil Queen will grace us with this most basic level of sincerity if she truly wants to ‘cooperate’!”


 “Alright,” Nanhuang Chanyi said while nodding slowly. Three hundred years was a short time; so short that it was almost negligible to a king realm, “Chanyi will relay your message exactly to my master. Please don’t forget your promise when three hundred years is up.”


 “Oh?” Qianye Ying’er looked slightly surprised. “You are given the autonomy to make decisions for your master?”


 “Chanyi is master’s ‘Shadow’, and she is the eternal extension of her will. Master did promise to grant you any request in exchange for your cooperation, which is why Chanyi has the right to make this decision on her behalf.”


 “Witches... sure are interesting people.” Qianye Ying’er then stretched out her fingers and revealed a golden glow in her palm. She said, “Since we are in agreement, please pass this to the Devil Queen. It is a token of our sincerity.”


 “Oh?” Nanhuang Chanyi’s gaze shifted downward.


 Suddenly, Yun Che’s eyes turned black, and the image of a giant blue dragon appeared in the sky. The dragon’s eyes were as black as night, and it let out an earthshaking roar the instant Nanhuang Chanyi turned her head in shock.


 The Dragon God’s soul was noble and supreme, but the drastic change in Yun Che’s belief had warped it into something dark and deadly. Even its roar sounded more abyssal than ancient.


 Completely caught off guard, Nanhuang Chanyi’s eyes grew unfocused and blank. At the same time, the golden glow in Qianye Ying’er’s palm took form and unleash its remaining Brahma Soul power. It poured right into Nanhuang Chanyi’s crumbled mind...


 Blurry gold instantly filled up Nanhuang Chanyi’s world. The image of warmth and dreaminess was so pure that it balked anyone from touching it... The beautiful eyes behind the jeweled tassels slowly closed as she fell limply toward the ground.


 Qianye Ying’er moved swiftly and wrapped Nanhuang Chanyi in a layer of gentle profound energy. As a result, the latter hit the ground with minimal impact.


 The Brahma Soul Death-Wishing Mark wasn’t the only thing that made the power of the Brahma Soul scary... The Witch’s current situation was a reflection of that fact. Nanhuang Chanyi was powerful beyond measure, but she was still put to sleep by the Brahma Soul power.


 That being said, Qianye Ying’er did mention that the power only put its target to sleep. It didn’t restrict the soul in any way! Therefore, any attack, presence or even sound could shake her right back to wakefulness.


 “Very good.” Qianye Ying’er threw the Mini Brahma Soul Bell on the ground without any hesitation. Its reserves had dried up completely, and it was no longer of any use to her. If she wasn’t worried about Nanhuang Chanyi waking, she might’ve crushed the object to bits.


 A flash of twisted pleasure appeared in Qianye Ying’er’s eyes as she watched the noble and elegant Nanhuang Chanyi in deep sleep. She said in a low tone, “Now, strip her!”

