

Chapter 1525 - Blue Pole Crisis

 Eastern Divine Region, Moon God Realm.


 Xia Qingyue was sitting quietly inside a purple profound formation at the Moon Emperor’s bedchambers. The purple light touching her exquisite features made her look even more fantastic than before.


 It was at this moment a girl appeared in front of her and bowed. “Master, Lianyue has something to report.”


 Xia Qingyue asked, “Do you have news regarding Yun Che already?”


 “No,” Lianyue replied. “However, the Eternal Heaven God Realm just sent word saying that the Eternal Heaven God Emperor and the Dragon Monarch are traveling to a planet called ‘Blue Pole Star’ an eighth of an hour ago.”


 “...” Xia Qingyue abruptly opened her eyes as something purple flashed across them.


 The glow of the profound formation died away. She got up to her feet and walked outside, ordering, “Tell Yue Wuji to join me. We’re heading out.”
The birth of this content finds its genesis in Nøv€lß¡n★

 “Yes.” Lianyue received her order, but there was a flash of doubt in her eyes.


 The Moon God Emperor usually took her, Jin Yue or Yao Yue whenever she was heading out. They were the Moon God Emperor’s private servants, and a glance from her was all it took to transmit her will.


 But this time, she was asking for Golden Moon God Yue Wuji... What was happening?


 ......


 ......


 “Jasmine, you will have to stay with me on the Blue Pole Star. Perhaps, you will never be able to lay a single foot in the God Realm for the rest of your life. You... wouldn’t mind that would you?”


 “Hmph! You’ve already made the decision for me. What else can I do?”


 ......


 “Answer me, Yun Che... Do you think that this world is worth my sacrifice?”


 ......


 “The Evil Infant’s death will bring peace to the world! How is he wrong!?”


 ......


 Crack... crack... crack... The more Yun Che gritted his teeth, the deeper his soul sank into darkness.


 A delicate figure and her young and true voice appeared from the darkness:


 “Wuxin, do you want daddy to become a hero who saves the world?”


 "I don’t want a hero who is going to save the world, I only want Daddy.”


 ......


 Wu... xin...


 A hero who saves the world... Heh, what a joke.


 Suddenly, he felt a stab of pain from the dark world of the souls. He could hear Qianye Fantian say, “Ying’er has cultivated an independent ‘Brahma Soul’ just like me, and her slave imprint is embedded inside her Brahma Soul...”


 His soul suddenly started struggling madly like it was pierced by a million poisoned barbs...


 “Wuxin!”


 He shouted and sat up. His entire body was drenched in cold sweat.


 “Ah!”


 A surprised cry came from the side, and he turned sideways to see the countenance of a girl just inches away from him.


 “Big Brother Yun Che, you’re awake... you’re finally awake!”


 She shouted emotionally as tears welled inside her eyes.


 It was Shui Meiyin. Shui Qianheng and Shui Yingyue were also present. He shook his head strongly to clear it. His entire body racked in terrible pain. “I... How did I come here?”


 Qianye Ying’er had thrown a Void Illusion Stone at him and teleported him away... However, her profound strength was naturally forceful, and she had had to act in a hurry. Her Brahma God divine power was also departing her, making it incredibly difficult to control her own power. As a result, Yun Che was knocked out the moment the Void Illusion Stone struck him and released its spatial divine energy.


 Therefore, he himself had no idea where he was teleported to.


 That life saving toss would’ve blown a hole in a normal Divine King. The reason it didn’t was because he had the body of a Dragon God.


 Shui Meiyin wiped her tears away before wiping the sweat on his forehead gently. She replied, “Someone sent big sis a sound transmission and brought you here. Don’t worry, no one saw anything in the process.”


 “...Who was it?” Yun Che looked up at Shui Yingyue. How many people in the world would dare protect him like this after his darkness profound energy was exposed, and the three strongest god emperors in the world had decided to oppose him?


 “They told me to keep quiet about their identity,” Shui Yingyue said with a complicated expression on her face. “They only told me to pass on one message: head to the Northern Divine Region and never return.”


 “...” Yun Che’s mind was in chaos right now. He was incapable of calming himself down to think.


 Shui Qianheng chose this moment to speak up, “Now that you’re awake, you should leave here as soon as possible.”


 “All three divine regions are searching for you right now, and the Glazed Light Realm is undoubtedly one of the most dangerous places for you to be right now... You should know this.”


 “It may seem a bit cruel, but... the Northern Divine Region is the only place left you can go right now.”


 In the God Realm, the Northern Divine Region was only called the “Devil Region”.


 Yun Che shakily got to his feet. Although his entire body was numb and hurting, it wasn’t so bad that he couldn’t move at all. “Thank you for taking me in. I will leave right away.”


 Shui Qianheng had taken him in and kept him hidden instead of turning him in. He had every reason to leave knowing just how big of a risk the realm king was taking.


 “You have the ability to conceal yourself. If you’re careful, you should be able to cover your tracks... Go. There’s nothing else I can do to help” Shui Qianheng said with a sigh. Then, he hesitated for a moment before giving in to his curiosity, “There’s one thing that I’d like to ask you about... When did you offend the Dragon Monarch?”


 Although he wasn’t present in the scene yesterday, he had heard practically everything that had happened.


 Shui Qianheng wasn’t surprised that the strongest god emperor of the Eastern Divine Region and the Southern Divine Region would turn against Yun Che immediately after the Evil Infant was gone. But the Dragon Monarch... he never expected the supreme ruler of the Primal Chaos to rebuke Yun Che as well.


 The Dragon Monarch obviously admired Yun Che back then. He had even declared his intention to adopt Yun Che in public, which caused a huge commotion for a while. When Yun Che left the Eastern Divine Region, he was even granted stay at the Dragon God Realm and taught the light profound energy by the Dragon Queen herself.


 Although Yun Che’s words and actions had offended the Eternal Heaven God Emperor gravely, he did save the world, and the Eternal Heaven God Emperor had broken his promise. All the Dragon Monarch needed to do was speak impartially—he didn’t even need to take anyone’s side—and his word would’ve dwarfed the Brahma Heaven God Emperor and the Southern Sea God Emperor’s words instantly. None of this tragedy would’ve happened if he did.


 But not only did he not protect Yun Che, he even sided with the Brahma Heaven God Emperor and the Southern Sea God Emperor to oppress Yun Che. His cry for “justice” was obviously a ploy to force everyone present to stand on the opposite side of Yun Che, driving him into a most ironic and dismal situation.


 Even if some of them might sympathize with Yun Che’s situation, no one was bold enough to disobey the three strongest god emperors of the divine regions.


 If the Eternal Heaven God Emperor was the cause, then the Dragon Monarch was undoubtedly the biggest catalyst that had hastened Yun Che’s fall.


 “I’ve never offended him even once in my life,” Shen Xi’s figure flashed before his eyes as Yun Che answered, “but I think I know why he did this.”


 “...” Sui Qianheng stopped asking any further questions. He waved his hand and dispelled the dozen barriers surrounding them in an instant. “Go.”


 Yun Che had saved the God Realm, and everyone owed him their lives. No one had the right to denounce him, much less organize a hunt to kill him... But the most powerful people in the world had said he was wrong, and that he deserved death, so that was the fate he was condemned to.


 The Dragon God Realm, the Brahma Monarch God Realm, and the Southern Sea God Realm were the three strongest king realms in the God Realm. Anything they agreed on was the undeniable truth, no matter how ridiculous or saddening it might be.


 After all, this was a world that valued strength above everything else since time immemorial.


 “Big Brother Yun Che,” Shui Meiyin held Yun Che’s palm, but all she felt from it was iciness and cold, “Are you... really going to the Northern Divine Region?”


 “I’ll be heading back to my planet first.” The light in Yun Che’s eyes was dim, and his voice sounded as weak as fading mist. “Qianye Ying’er’s slave imprint is probably gone. She knows where my planet and my family are, so I need to hide them as soon as possible.”


 It was at this moment Shui Qianheng suddenly shouted, “What!?”


 Yun Che, Shui Yingyue, and Shui Meiyin all turned to look at Shui Qianheng in surprise.


 Shui Qianheng was holding his hand against his forehead. He was clearly receiving a transmission from someone. His expression turned absolutely ugly as he said, “When did this happen!?”


 “It’s almost been two hours since we received the message,” said the voice on the other side of the transmission.


 “...Why did you wait until now to tell me!?" Shui Qianheng said angrily.


 “But I’ve messaged you a dozen of times already...”


 “~！@#￥%...” It was only now Shui Qianheng recalled that he had created a dozen or so isolation barriers to ensure that Yun Che was perfectly concealed.


 When his subordinate had tried to inform him about this, he was inside the barrier himself.


 It was no wonder that the sound transmissions had failed!


 “Yun Che!” Shui Qianheng abruptly looked at Yun Che and asked urgently, “Is your birthplace called Blue Pole Star!?”


 “...!!” Yun Che’s expression changed drastically.


 Any wishful thinking Shui Qianheng might’ve had in his mind fled away when he saw Yun Che’s expression. He said, “You can’t go back! The Dragon Monarch and the Eternal Heaven God Emperor left to go to the Blue Pole Star two hours ago and informed everyone about its location!”


 Crack!


 “What... did you say!?” Yun Che’s eyes turned completely red. His fingers clenched so tightly and abruptly that the resulting pop was almost deafening to the ear.


 He dashed out frenziedly towards the exit in the next instant.


 “Boom!!


 However, a surge of profound energy fell from above and kept Yun Che fully suppressed. Shui Qianheng’s palm landed on Yun Che’s shoulder like a mountain before he said, “Where are you going? Are you trying to kill yourself? Don’t you see that they’re trying to force you to show yourself!?”


 Shui Qianheng could understand why the Eternal Heaven God Emperor had decided to take out the Evil Infant. He even approved of it.


 But he couldn’t understand why the most righteous and upstanding god realm in the world would resort to something as despicable as holding a person’s planet and family hostage, especially when Yun Che had just saved the entire world from doom! What a joke! What a complete joke!!


 “Let... go!!” Veins popped out all over Yun Che’s body, his finger joints were deathly white, and his bloodshot eyes nearly exploded from sheer pressure... But no matter how he tried, it was impossible for him to escape Shui Qianheng’s strength.


 “You’ll get your ass to the Northern Divine Region right now if you still have a shred of sense left in you!” Shui Qianheng said heartlessly.


 “Are you telling me to watch them die and do nothing!?” Yun Che’s words were bloody and furious.


 “That’s still better than you dying together with them!” Shui Qianheng shouted, “Do you think they’ll let the family of a devil person go free just because you show your face!?”


 “Let go... Let go!!”


 Bang!!


 A dozen or so blood vessels exploded from Yun Che’s body. He bled like a pig as his voice and expression became as distorted as a monster’s. “Let me go... or I’ll kill you!!!!”


 He couldn’t imagine what would happen to his parents, wives, and daughter if they were to fall into those people’s hands... not even for a second!


 “We can talk about killing me after you’ve spent a couple of years in the Northern Divine Region!” said Shui Qianheng as he applied even more strength into his grip.


 Suddenly, Shui Meiyin said, “Daddy, let him go.”


 “...” Her sudden interruption caught Shui Qianheng off guard.


 “Daddy, please let Big Brother Yun Che go,” Shui Meiyin was crying, but her voice sounded exceptionally firm. “Please let him go.”


 Shui Qianheng’s brows trembled for a moment, but in the end he let out a long sigh and withdrew his power.


 Yun Che hit the ground hard as he spent a moment to catch his own breath. He was just about to get back up to his feet when a soft, delicate body lay on his back and held him gently.


 “Big Brother Yun Che...” Shui Meiyin’s voice rang beside his ears like a dream, “I know how much you love your family and your daughter. I know that you’ll never abandon them even if you must pay with your own life... That is the Big Brother Yun Che I love the most.”


 “...” Yun Che was shaking all over and gritting his teeth so hard that they threatened to break. His blood and sweat mixed together as they rolled off his body and stained the girl’s black dress.


 “No matter how the world sees you, you’ll always be the best... best person to ever exist in my heart. So please... stay alive... you and all your loved ones must all stay alive... okay?...”


 A trail of sudden, fading warmth touched his bloodstained back.


 Turning around, Yun Che lifted his hands to touch the girl’s head... but he stopped at the last moment and placed them on her shoulders instead. Then, he slowly but firmly pushed her away.


 He jumped up to the sky and summoned the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace and flew off in a deafening sonic boom.


 “...” Shui Meiyin pressed a hand to her chest and closed her eyes. She whispered to herself, “Please stay alive...”


 “Royal Father, do you want to follow him?” Shui Yingyue stared at the spot Yun Che had vanished to.


 “It’s already too late,” Shui Qianheng said with a sigh.


 The Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace was one of the fastest profound ships in the world, and it outstripped even the best profound ship of the Glazed Light Realm. By the time they got to the Blue Pole Star, everything would’ve ended already.


 Shui Qianheng looked at the dark sky above his head and muttered in a daze, “This period will never be recorded in the history of the God Realm.”


 “We witnessed the descent of a true Child of Heaven, but... we’ve also witnessed the most ridiculous and shameful history... or even era, of the God Realm.”

