

Chapter 910 - Vicious Battle in the Ocean Depths (1)

  

 “Yun Che, is he... is he dead?” a Divine Phoenix Sect Elder asked with an expression of shock and fear on his face.


 At first, they had seen the darkness completely extinguishing Yun Che’s flames and then they had all witnessed Xuanyuan Wentian’s Sword of No Return explode against Yun Che before seeing Yun Che fall into the ocean region while spraying blood all over the place. So even if he was not dead, he was definitely already heavily wounded.


 On the contrary, Xuanyuan Wentian who had raced over in hot pursuit looked completely fine besides the smear of blood across his chest and his aura was even more terrifying than it had been initially.


 “Even if he isn’t dead yet, he will definitely be dead in a short while... I would advise that you lot take care of yourselves first.”


 A dark voice filled with implied meaning suddenly rang out in the air, causing everyone’s bodies to tremble.


 After Yun Che and Xuanyuan Wentian had fallen into the deep ocean, the world had finally calmed down again. Even the darkness which covered the sky had begun to swiftly dissipate. Ye Meixie and Xuanyuan Bo slowly sauntered over as a gaggle of people, belonging to Sun Moon Divine Hall and Mighty Heavenly Sword Region, followed along behind them. Their eyes and their expressions were clearly overcast and carried promises of cruel sport and... killing intent.


 “Ye Meixie, what do you think you’re... Ugh!!” Zi Ji immediately sensed that the situation had taken a turn for the worse. However, the devilish poison had already seeped into his body, so just speaking already caused him to experience so much agony that he wished he was dead and he was nearly unable to stand at all.


 “What are we going to do? Could it be that the wise and farsighted Mister Zi cannot guess what is coming next?” Ye Meixie said as he took a single step forward. His eyes flashed with a cold light and he already grasped an emerald-green jade longsword in his hand before slowly pointing it towards Zi Ji.


 “Ye Meixie... You... You dare...” Absolute Monarch Sanctuary’s Spiritual Master Nine Lamentations rebuked him in fury. He forced himself to his feet but just as his profound energy was about to swell up, he once again sank to his knees in agony.


 “Heh, just look at your current situation. How pathetic and pitiable you lot are.” Ye Meixie’s expression was rather malevolent and sinister. After he had lost an arm to the Little Demon Empress and had been utterly defeated by Xuanyuan Wentian, his personality had become warped. When he looked at the miserable and pitiful states of the gathered members of Absolute Monarch Sanctuary and Supreme Ocean Palace who were afflicted with the devilish poison, his heart surged with joy and satisfaction. Because these people were even more miserable and pitiable than he was, despite him losing an arm!


 “This spectacle is beyond pitiful. Right now, even if it was I alone, I would still able to easily slaughter Absolute Monarch Sanctuary’s Saint Emperor and twelve Spiritual Masters, hahahahaha!” Xuanyuan Bo said as he laughed wildly. “Even though I don’t know how that punk Yun Che suddenly became so powerful, no matter how strong his profound strength has become, how can it compare with the Heavenly Sovereign who has already stepped into the way of the divine! You all personally witnessed it as well. His power was as insignificant as a ant’s in front of the Heavenly Sovereign. Ah, but to think that you bunch of idiots actually hoped that Yun Che could defeat the Heavenly Sovereign. That is simply an enormous joke.”


 The atmosphere in Supreme Ocean Palace, which had become exceptionally defeatist and fatalistic, turned cold in an instant. Those powers from the Seven Nations instantly understood what Sun Moon Divine Hall and Mighty Heavenly Sword Region intended to do, so they chose to hurriedly hide somewhere far away. They shivered in fear and not a single one of them dared to look at the scene in front of them.
Ñøv€lRapture marked the initial hosting of this chapter on Ñôv€lß¡n.

 “Ye Meixie... Xuanyuan Bo!” Huangji Wuyu struggled to his feet as well. His heavy wounds were exacerbated by the devilish poison, causing every single part of his body to spasm and contort in pain. He tightened his hand into a fist, the Primal Chaos Heavenly Ruler appearing in his grasp, “Do you think the likes of you... are worthy enough to slay me, Huangji Wuyu!?”


 Huangji Wuyu let out a low yell as the Primal Chaos Heavenly Ruler flew out of his hand. At nearly the same instant, an expression of intense agony flashed across his face and he knelt to the ground, his entire body trembling. After that, Huangji Wuyu could no longer muster the power to stand up again.


 In his current condition, Huanji Wuyu could not even muster ten percent of the profound energy he could normally summon. Xuanyuan Bo took a step forward, his sword smashing against the Primal Chaos Heavenly Ruler. With a huge “clang,” the Primal Chaos Heavenly Ruler was thrown far away by the impact but the same impact only pushed Xuanyuan Bo three steps backwards. He tossed his head backwards as he let out a wild laugh filled with glee, “Hahahahaha, so it turns out that the Saint Emperor of Absolute Monarch Sanctuary only amounts to this. Sect Master Ye, I hope that you can withdraw and allow me to experience just what it feels like to personally end the life of the Profound Sky Continent’s number one person in the profound way.”


 If it was like before, as an elder of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region, even if Xuanyuan Bo was not reverential and respectful to Huangji Wuyu and Ye Meixie, he would still definitely not dare to act in a rash manner in front of them. But today, not only did he dare to act in such an arrogantly wanton and flagrant manner in front of Huangji Wuyu, he astonishingly even dared to order Ye Meixie about. He gave a sinister laugh as his sword suddenly thrust towards Huangji Wuyu’s chest.


 It was completely and utterly an attack that was made with no mercy, a killing thrust meant to reap a life.


 As he let out a loud shout, Feng Zukui swooped down on Xuanyuan Bo like a fierce eagle, his right hand which blazed with Phoenix fire smashing against Xuanyuan Bo’s sword. Xuanyuan Bo’s expression underwent a dramatic change as he hurriedly retreated. Just as Feng Zukui was about to give chase, a cold light flashed in front of him as Ye Meixie appeared like a ghost between the two people.


 BANG!!!


 “Ugh!” Feng Zukui gave a dull snort as he was blasted away by the impact. When he landed on the ground, he retreated more than ten steps before being supported by Feng Tianwei. His body fiercely swayed and his face had gone as white as a sheet, it was clear that he had sustained internal injuries.


 “Divine Phoenix Sect, don’t be too anxious, it will be your turn soon enough” Ye Meixie said in a deep and low voice.


 “Attack! You don’t need to hold back, these people are already bereft of the ability to fight back, slaughter all of them!” Xuanyuan Bo, who had been sent flying by Feng Zukui, roared in a flustered and exasperated voice. “Their corpses will be the gift that we present to our Heavenly Sovereign as tribute to celebrate his apotheosis!!”


 After Xuanyuan Bo had given that order, all the members of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region and Sun Moon Divine Hall swiftly rushed forward, their profound energy and killing intent shaking the Sea God Arena that was already on the verge of collapse. The gathered members of Absolute Monarch Sanctuary and Supreme Ocean Palace were so furious that their eye sockets threatened to fracture... If one were to talk about combined strength, Sun Moon Divine Hall and Mighty Heavenly Sword Region would definitely not be able to stand up to Absolute Monarch Sanctuary and Supreme Ocean Palace. But right now, their bodies had been afflicted by a devilish poison and of the two Sacred Masters on their side, one had sustained serious injuries and the other was on the verge of death.


 Right now, they could forget about even thinking about resisting because they had basically been reduced to a flock of sacrificial lambs who did not even have the power to fight back.


 As for the Divine Phoenix Sect, even if the devilish poison had been purged from their bodies, they were basically not able to stand up to or obstruct the two Sacred Grounds, so the fate of complete and total annihilation awaited them as well.


 “Ye Meixie... Xuanyuan Bo... The both of you will definitely... not die a good death!!” Spiritual Master Bitter Agony roared. He summoned forth all of the profound strength that he could muster as he prepared to make his last stand.


 “I may not know how I’m going to die but I do know that you are about to die right now!” Xuanyuan Bo rushed to the front as he thrust his sword towards Spiritual Master Bitter Agony. Behind him, the elders and disciples of Sun Moon Divine Hall and Mighty Heavenly Sword Region had all rushed forward as well.


 SCREEEEEE...


 Just as everyone was about to fall into the depths of despair, a phoenix cry pierced the blue dome of heaven as the world suddenly turned red. After that, the image of a gigantic phoenix appeared in the sky like a divine spirit that had descended onto this mortal plane as it loftily circled in the air.


 In an instant, the entire world became immersed in flames which seemed to scorch the sky. It was as if all the fire energy in the world had been drawn in by this gigantic phoenix image as it soared through the sky, radiating a might that was sufficient to bring about the end of the world.


 “Wh... Wha... Whaa... What is that?” The members of Sun Moon Divine Hall and Mighty Heavenly Sword Region all ground to a halt, the peerlessly dreadful suppressive might caused all of their bodies to shake uncontrollably.


 “Ah, ah, ah, ah...” Even the gathered members of the Divine Phoenix Sect were letting out incredibly shocked cries of astonishment as they all looked up at the phoenix image which soared in the sky. That gigantic phoenix image caused them to all vaguely feel like that they had witnessed the descent of their Phoenix God.


 The returned Feng Xue’er slowly descended from the sky, her beautiful eyes flashing with a suppressive might and awe-inspiring dignity which caused even Feng Zukui to stop breathing. “All of you should withdraw right now. If anyone takes a further step forward, that person will be turned into ashes for all time!”


 The suppressive might radiated by the phoenix spirit above them was so great that it caused their very souls to tremble. However, since none of them had personally witnessed the vicious duel she had fought with Xuanyuan Wentian just a month ago, even if one were to beat them to death, none of them would believe that the current Feng Xue’er’s power had already completely surpassed that of a Sacred Master’s. Even though Xuanyuan Bo’s heart was shaking uncontrollably in fear, with the power of two Sacred Grounds arrayed behind him, he did not even view Feng Zuikui as a threat, much less Feng Xue’er.


 He let out a wild laugh which was colored with cruel amusement, “Ah, such a pitiful little phoenix. The sight of you struggling is simply too adorable and lovable... Oh no, no, actually pitiable would be a more fitting description. Come, let me see just how you’re going to burn us into ashes!”


 “What has everyone stopped for? Advance!! Kill everyone! Don’t spare a single one of them! Their lives will be the proof of your loyalty to the Heavenly Sovereign.”


 “Attack!” Ye Meixie said in a dark and heavy voice.


 A chorus of assent rang out from the gathered members of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region and Sun Moon Divine Hall. The feet that had ground to a temporary halt once again started moving forward as a dense and fierce killing intent rigidly engulfed the members of Absolute Monarch Sanctuary and Supreme Ocean Palace.


 Feng Xue’er lightly bit her lower lip and after a brief moment of internal struggle, she finally shut her eyes. Her small snow jade hand, which shone with the light radiated by her Phoenix flames, gently fell.


 BOOOOOOM——


 The fiery image of the phoenix gave a long screech and it seemed to rush out from the heart of a star as it left a billowing and all-encompassing sea of fire in its wake as it dove downwards. Space completely shattered everywhere the image of the phoenix passed.


 Ye Meixie gave a cold snort as he took to the skies, both of his hands directly grabbing at the fiery phoenix image... But during the instant that his hands stretched forward, the expression on his face abruptly changed. He crazily attempted to flee as his body started to convulse but at that moment, it was already far too late and he was instantly swallowed up by that fiery image.


 “UWAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!!”


 Ye Meixie’s miserable and mournful howl rang through the entire Supreme Ocean Palace.


 The fiery phoenix image continued to descend as it carried along Ye Meixie, who had already completely turned into a human torch. It descended onto Supreme Ocean Palace amidst a chorus of panicked and terrified cries which rang out at the same time. The sea of flames ruptured, towering flames soaring into the heavens as they completely swallowed up all of the people from Sun Moon Divine Hall and Mighty Heavenly Sword Region who had rushed forward...


 Fathomless ocean abyss. The location where Yun Che and Xuanyuan Wentian were currently duelling.


 “Have you finally resigned yourself to your fate?” Xuanyuan Wentian said as he gave a deep and low chuckle. “To be able to endure for so long when facing this sovereign’s devil god power, you indeed do have the qualifications to be praised by this sovereign.”


 “Resign myself to fate? Heh... Heh heh.” Yun Che was laughing. When he stopped fleeing and took the initiative to face down Xuanyuan Wentian, he had started laughing non-stop. “I have never ever known what resigning myself to fate means.”


 “Xuanyuan Wentian,” Yun Che said with a low laugh. “Don’t you find that there is something strange with the wounds on my body?”


 “This sovereign does indeed feel there is something strange going on,” Xuanyuan Wentian said in a nonchalant manner, “You have been slashed by this sovereign so many times and if it was any other person, he would have already died ten thousand times. But despite all of your wounds, your aura has not weakened in the slightest. So it looks like your body is far superior to your profound strength and it just might be that it is actually comparable to this sovereign’s devil body. This sovereign is now extremely interested in the secrets hidden within your body, so before I obtain those secrets, I can hardly bear even the thought of destroying it.”


 “No, no, no.” Yun Che’s smile grew even more strange. He raised his own arm as he spoke in a leisurely manner, “Have you not realized that all of the wounds in my body are merely wounds created by your swords. Your so-called devil god power has not even left a single mark on my body!”


 “...” Xuanyuan Wentian’s eyes narrowed into slits, the black light within faintly trembling.


 Fire profound energy would create burn wounds, ice profound energy would cause cold-related injuries. Darkness profound energy was even more terrifying than either of the other two. The moment someone was wounded by darkness profound energy, their very flesh and blood would be devoured. If one got off lightly, the wound would turn black. If it was a serious injury, that person’s flesh, blood and even bones would turn into black water.


 When Yun Che had fought that vicious battle with the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign inside the Moon Slaughter Devil Nest, his entire body had been so ravaged by the darkness profound energy that it was too horrible to even look at.


 Even though the current Yun Che had many small and large wounds on his body, these were all either light or heavy sword wounds. There was no trace of decay or rot on these wounds and the blood that leaked from them was dark red.


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s dark devil energy and the darkness profound energy which had filled each and every sword stroke had seemed not to even touch Yun Che’s body.


 “What are you trying to tell this sovereign?” Xuanyuan Wentian said as his voice grew deep and booming.


 “Heh... Heh heh...” Yun Che’s laughter grew even weirder and no matter whether it was his gaze or his expression, both were gradually becoming more unusual and strange. There was also a hint of something sinister in them. He slowly raised his eyes to Xuanyuan Wentian, a pitch-black light flashing in his pupils.


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s gaze jumped, “Mn? This is...”


 Whoosh!!!!


 It was as if a long-slumbering devil had suddenly been roused within Yun Che’s body as an incomparably thick and dense black energy abruptly erupted from Yun Che. His hair stood completely on end before dancing wantonly amidst that black light. A dark and sinister oppressive might held Xuanyuan Wentian’s entire body in an incomparably icy grip.


 “Wha... WHAT!?”


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s pupils expanded to their widest, the darkness of the fathomless deep sea abyss was unable to seal his sight. The black light that radiated from Yun Che’s body and his suddenly changed aura was clearly...


 Dark devil energy!!


 Furthermore, it was incomparably pure and dense dark devil energy!!


 ——————————————


 Author’s Note:


 【Tomorrow, I will release a short description about the setting in which the God Realm chapter will occur on WeChat, this includes a glossary of the character settings and the power rankings in the Realm of the Gods. There are gonna be lots of spoilers inside... Be on the lookout for it!!】


 TL’s Note: Once again, there are major spoilers for the upcoming arc written inside. You have been warned!


 Link to RotG settings: Here

