

Chapter 1508 - The Perfect Conclusion

 “My words are worth their weight in gold and I will never go against my promise!” Yun Che said with a steely resolution, “This is also her wish!”


 “Senior should understand that this junior isn’t trying to save just her alone, I’m also trying to save the universe. Therefore, the two of us also need Senior to make us a promise!”


 To be able to secure the promise of the god emperor with the best reputation in the Eastern Divine Region was already enough.


 Undoubtedly, the current Yun Che was someone who the Eternal Heaven God Emperor would not doubt in the least. Yun Che’s words moved Eternal Heaven God Emperor once again... That’s right, if the Evil Infant truly left the God Realm forever, then, he was not just “saving her”. He was saving the God Realm once again.
Ñøv€l--ß1n hosted the premiere release of this chapter.

 After the crises of the Devil Emperor and the devil gods, the malady of the Evil Infant, something that had constantly been like a thorn in their soul, would be solved just like that.


 “Are you certain... that this is also the intention of the Evil Infant?” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor wanted to verify what Yun Che had said and his tone carried an excitement that was impossible for him to suppress.


 “I’m certain!” Yun Che stared directly into the eyes of the Eternal Heaven God Emperor, every single one of his words resounding in the air. “After I have sent Senior Devil Emperor off, I will leave the God Realm together with her. I ask... that the people of the God Realm never bother the planet that we live on.”


 Yun Che was telling the Eternal Heaven God Emperor vaguely that in the future, he would no longer be residing in the God Realm for long.


 “Good! Good!!”


 After the Eternal Heaven God Emperor had repeated the word “good”, he continued, “This old one now decrees that the Heavenly Slaughter Star God has not been taken over by the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulation and it is the Heavenly Slaughter Star God who is the master in this situation. Furthermore, I am also announcing that she will leave the God Realm forever... I, the Eternal Heaven God Emperor, will also publicly swear to never ever approach or disturb the planet that the Evil Infant is residing on.”


 The Eternal Heaven God Emperor was someone who always kept his promises. His voice and his promise would soon ring out throughout the entire Eternal Heaven God Realm.


 The Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor had not truly left yet, and Yun Che had also not left together with Jasmine yet either. Nothing was certain yet. As a result, the Eternal Heaven God Emperor did not use the Voice of Eternal Heaven that would cover the entire Eastern Divine Region. Instead, he used the one that would resound in the skies above the Eternal Heaven God Realm.


 Currently, thirteen god emperors from three divine regions had gathered together in the Eternal Heaven God Realm. And it seemed like all of the upper star realm kings had gathered in the Eternal Heaven God Realm as well!


 This meant that he was basically announcing it to the entire God Realm.


 His public announcement was no different from the promise he had made to Yun Che. Although he could only represent the Eternal Heaven God Realm, the prestige and status that the Eternal Heaven God Emperor had in the Eastern Divine Region and the God Realm was enough for others to trust his words!


 The public announcement that the Eternal Heaven God Emperor just made would, without a doubt, cause a massive stir among the god emperors and Divine Masters. Just like the Eternal Heaven God Emperor, other than the Devil Emperor and the devil gods, the Evil Infant was another thorn in their souls that filled them with a deep fear.


 Now that the crises of both the Devil Emperor and the devil gods were about to be resolved, the Evil Infant would become the greatest hidden malady left. As such, these words of the Eternal Heaven that had suddenly rang out in the air caused all of their hearts to pound uncontrollably.


 After he left the Eternal Heaven God Realm, Yun Che had just summoned the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace when he suddenly felt a presence. After he turned around, he saw Xia Qingyue walking towards him slowly.


 “Are you getting ready to return to the Snow Song Realm?” Xia Qingyue asked.


 “Mn, but I have to make a trip to the God Realm of Absolute Beginning first,” Yun Che said with a beaming smile as he saw Xia Qingyue’s celestial figure slowly draw near to him.


 “You’ve made a brilliant move,” Xia Qingyue said in a soft tone.


 Yun Che’s eyes opened wide and he made a strange exaggerated expression, “You actually know how to praise someone?”


 Xia Qingyue ignored his mockery as her stary moon-like eyes gazed into the distance... which also seemed to be the direction of the Blue Pole Star. “Back then, the newly-awakened Evil Infant had killed a God Emperor as well as a bunch of core Divine Masters that belonged to the king realms. Such a terrifying power had triggered an incomparably gigantic panic, leaving an extremely huge shadow in the hearts of everyone in the God Realm. As a result, during that period, all of the powerhouses from the great king realms were mobilized and the Dragon Monarch himself personally took charge of their desperate efforts to find traces of the Evil Infant’s whereabouts.”


 “This was all so that they could use any possible method to kill her while her powers were still greatly exhausted and she was still suffering from heavy injuries. But after obtaining no results from their long search, they didn’t hesitate to forcefully mobilize all of the star realms below the kings realms to aid them in their search... Because they knew that if the Evil Infant were to fully recover, they would have practically no chance left and what awaited them was a calamity much more dreadful than any nightmare.”


 “However, they still hadn’t obtained any results even after three years had passed. In fact, in the third year, the king realms had actually recalled all of their core strength and they had only been going through the motions during their search for her... They knew that it was very likely that the Evil Infant had completely recovered during this period and could not help but be afraid of the possibility that they would be the ones sending themselves to their deaths if they found the Evil Infant.


 “I know that and that’s why I gave the God Realm a way out of this situation,” Yun Che said with a small smile. “I made a promise on behalf of the both of us to never bring chaos to the universe and we also pledged to never return to the God Realm. Coupled with the fact that the Eternal Heaven God Emperor has also agreed to this advance, it leaves them with no reason to harm Jasmine in the future.”


 Of course, they would also not dare to do so.


 Those words Yun Che said to the Eternal Heaven God Emperor were not reasons he had simply made up, they were facts! They were facts that everyone on the level of god emperor was deeply aware of!


 Given Jasmine’s terrifying power, a power that could crush everything, as well as her matchless speed and ability to conceal herself, who would be able to deal with her if she really desired to wreak havoc on the world?


 If she wanted to kill someone, even if they were as strong as a god emperor, who would be able to hide from her forever?


 Back then, they had only searched for Jasmine in such a frenzied manner because she had been badly exhausted and injured. But now that Jasmine had recovered... which king realm would truly dare to provoke her?


 However, as the king realms, the pinnacle of the God Realm, they would have no choice but to hunt down and exterminate the Evil Infant if it appeared, no matter how terrified they were. Otherwise, they would be doubted by the entire universe. In such a situation, it would be hard for Jasmine to appear in public.


 The originally bloodthirsty and ruthless Evil Infant, who was greatly feared by all, would never return to the God Realm ever again. In addition to that, the promise of the “God Child Messiah” as well as the promise of the most prestigious Eternal Heaven God Realm was undoubtedly a redeeming celestial sound to all the gathered powerhouses of the God Realm. This was especially true for the king realms who had the “responsibility” of exterminating the Evil Infant!


 And so, Yun Che’s promise did indeed give the God Realm a way out of this situation... After all, there was essentially no difference whether the Evil Infant existed in the God Realm or the lower realms.


 “In this way, the Blue Pole Star will become a taboo that everyone from the God Realm must keep in mind because of the Evil Infant. Anyone who dares to offend the Blue Pole Star would surely stir up the fear and anger of the God Realm.”


 The Evil Infant was the one who promised to leave the God Realm. Anyone who dares to offend the lower realm that she resides in and incite her anger would bring about a catastrophe to the God Realm... He reckoned that if anyone were to dare do such a thing, all of the god emperors would be itching to jump out and squish that person themselves.


 It was very likely that after Jasmine and Yun Che returned to the Blue Pole Star, the three Divine Regions would immediately prohibit anyone from approaching the star region that the Blue Pole Star was in.


 “The Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor is about to return to the outside of the Primal Chaos and at the same time, she will destroy the only passage that the devil gods can use to return to the Primal Chaos. The calamity of the Devil Emperor and devil gods had never even erupted in the first place, and this exceedingly perfect method would bring the whole situation to an end.” Xia Qingyue continued slowly, “And you, would become the true master who saved the universe. Everyone, from the lowest ant to the highest god emperor, would be in your debt! From now on, as long as this halo exists, anyone who offends you would incite the anger of the entire universe.”


 “The Evil Infant will follow you back to the Blue Pole Star and never return to the God Realm. I believe that is what the two of you truly desire and it will also allow the God Realm to be relieved of a heavy burden. At the same time, she would become the guardian deity of both you and the Blue Pole Star. When that happens, even if you did not have the halo of saving the universe, no one would dare to harm you or the Blue Pole Star... And even I will finally be able to go back without any worries.”


 “Everything is so perfect and it seems that it would be impossible to achieve a better ending than this.” Xia Qingyue spoke gently and her lips curved to form an exceptionally beautiful arc. “It looks like the worry and apprehension that I had always felt were unnecessary. Perhaps you... truly do have the protection of the heavens.”


 “Haha, perhaps,” Yun Che laughed. He had not felt this relaxed for a very long time. “When do you intend to go back?”


 “The day when you bring the Evil Infant back.” Xia Qingyue gave Yun Che an unexpected reply. “When you do, I really want to meet her and learn what kind of person you’d be willing to die for with no regrets, and even make a solemn vow to the entire God Realm.”


 “...” Yun Che rubbed his nose and looked at her with a strange glint in his eyes. “You wouldn’t happen to be... jealous would you?”


 “When that time comes, remember to send me a sound transmission,” Xia Qingyue said before she turned around and left. Her present attitude and the feeling that she gave Yun Che was completely different compared to all the previous times that they had met... It was as if she had put down a heavy burden, her appearance losing some of its icy intimidation and gaining a degree of ethereal immortal beauty.


 “Oh right.” She turned her delicate head slightly to the side as she said, “The title ‘God Child Messiah’ is indeed an incomparably dazzling halo to have, but you shouldn’t hold it in such high regard. It requires the ’acknowledgement’ and the ‘charity’ of the strong for a weakling to be graced with the title ’God Child Messiah’. The title itself is far more fragile than it looks. It is only on the day that you gain sufficient strength that you will be revered throughout the world and no one will doubt that you are the true savior of the universe!”


 Yun Che’s mouth was left gaping as he watched the faraway figure of Xia Qingyue’s back: “It looks like she will never be able to change this habit of nagging. I don’t even know who she learned it from!”


 ............


 God Realm of Absolute Beginning.


 He brought Qianye Ying’er to this place once again. But this time, Yun Che did not need to release the Sky Poison Pearl’s aura as Jasmine had taken the initiative to appear in front of him.


 “Jasmine!”


 Yun Che quickly moved forward and the smile on his face was enough to tell Jasmine many things. He hugged Jasmine’s exquisite figure directly to his chest and gently whispered in her ear, “Now, the Eternal Heaven God Realm has allowed your existence and will never offend you again. Moreover, this promise was even made public, so you must concede defeat and leave this place with me.”


 “Really?” Jasmine did not struggle out of his embrace but instead gently shook her head against his chest and said, “I don’t believe you.”


 “I have proof so you can’t disavow this.” Yun Che gave a small smile and took out a small and delicate ordinary profound imagery stone. He waved it in front of Jasmine’s face with a grin before releasing the image and sound that was recorded.


 Jasmine had recognized with a single glance that the image before her eyes was the core place of the Eternal Heaven God Realm. But the scene was not the important thing, what was important was the voice resounding in the Eternal Heaven God Realm.


 That was the voice of the Eternal Heaven God Emperor. Even though it was just an image, it was still enough to sense the prestigious warmth and deep penetrating power.


 He had personally voiced his promise to allow the Evil Infant to stay in the lower realms and vowed to never offend her.


 Jasmine’s dark starry eyes trembled greatly. She understood clearly that the Eternal Heaven God Emperor was someone who hated evil very much. Though he had made the promise mostly because he was extremely afraid of her and to follow through on the previous promise he had made to Yun Che. He had made a great deviation to the principles that he had always clung to, which was something that was extremely difficult for him to do.


 “It’s not just the Eternal Heaven God Emperor.” Yun Che smiled and continued, “I have a feeling that I underestimated their fear of you from the beginning. When the Eternal Heaven God Emperor publicly announced his promise, I had originally thought that many would be shocked, puzzled, and would question such a promise. But I did not expect that almost everyone showed expressions of relief, as if they had put down a heavy burden.”


 “They should offer incense to their ancestors over the fact that you haven’t gone and provoked them first. Looking at the reaction they gave today, even if you had appeared in public, it would not be certain that they would dare to try to exterminate you.”


 “But from now on, you will have to stay with me on the Blue Pole Star. Perhaps, you will never be able to lay a single foot in the God Realm for the rest of your life. You... wouldn’t mind that would you?”


 “Hmph!” Jasmine turned her face to the side, and as if she was somewhat unsatisfied, she spoke in an annoyed tone, “You’ve already made the decision for me, what else can I do?”


 Blue Pole Star... Profound Sky Continent... Illusory Demon Realm... Yun Che...


 Jasmine’s eyes misted over gradually... Would she really be able to return once more to the Blue Pole Star from now on? The place that she originally thought would only appear in her dreams, would no one interfere and disturb them anymore?


 What was there in the God Realm that she could not bear to leave behind? Her background, her hatred... what could she not abandon?


 Was this really not a dream...

