

Chapter 506 - Mu Yubai, Mu Yurou

  

 When Yun Xiao heard that voice, he turned around and shouted “Mother is back!” in a low voice. He did not care about the wounds on his body, and rushed out impatiently with steps as swift as an arrow.


 Yun Che did not follow him out. Instead, his gaze shot past the door that had been pushed opened by Yun Xiao, and he looked at the two figures which had just entered the courtyard. His eyes turned hazy and something seemed to be caught in his throat; it was almost as though he had forgotten how to breathe, as his entire body started to gently tremble.


 Yun Xiao’s voice quickly came from outside.


 “Uncle.... Ah, Mother! You’re back!”


 As Yun Xiao’s voice fell, a woman’s gentle yet anxious sounded out, “I heard that you were ambushed outside the city and had even gotten injured.... Quick, let Mother see. Where are you hurt? Are your injuries serious?”


 “Eh... Mother, how did you know about my injuries?”


 “Huh!” a somewhat boorish male voice rang out, the man said evenly, “This old man was helping your mother recuperate, when news suddenly came, saying that you and that girl from the Under Heaven Family were ambushed by someone. This almost scared your mother half to death, so she anxiously rushed back home. Kiddo, let me see to your injuries....”


 “Big brother, How are Xiao’er’s injuries? Are they heavy? I heard that the ones who ambushed them were three Overlords. How could Xiao’er withstand any blows from them?” The woman’s voice trembled heavily and she was obviously beside herself with worry and anxiety.


 “...These wounds are not light, but do not worry, they are all external injuries, as long as he rests for a while, he will make a full recovery.” The man’s rough voice rang out once more, and it carried with it a slight undertone of suspicion, “Kiddo, who helped to treat your injuries? Such serious external injuries, yet they were suppressed to this level in such a short amount of time.”


 “My injuries are fine.” Yun Xiao’s heart was filled with joy, and he did not even care about his current state. He said in a hurried voice, “Mother! Come quickly! I have some extremely good news for you! Both your injuries and father’s injuries can be healed! I met this incredible big brother, and he has a way to help your bodies recover completely... it’s true!”


 The voices of the three people crept closer and closer. When Yun Xiao’s voice fell, they had stepped into the room. Yun Che’s gaze regained its clarity at this moment, and his wildly-beating heart had been forced into a calm state. He looked at the two people who had followed Yun Xiao into the room... The man looked to be roughly around thirty years old. He was tall and broad, and his beard filled his face. He seemed to be a person who was unconcerned with his appearance, but his eyes were as fierce as a wild tiger’s; they were forcefully imposing. As his gaze swept across Yun Che, a kind of indescribable pressure suddenly assaulted over...


 A Monarch level pressure!!


 These supreme existences which had only existed in legends; in just one day, Yun Che had met them one after the other. This didn’t mean that the Illusory Demon Realm had numerous super powerful Sovereign Profound Realm practitioners. This was the Demon Imperial City, and it was the core of the Illusory Demon Realm, where the peak of its profound world was gathered. And when Yun Che had initially arrived at this place, the people he had met were all from the Demon Imperial City’s most illustrious families; Moreover they were all peak existences within their respective families.... Greatest Ambition Under Heaven was the current patriarch of the elf clan; he was an individual who could cover the sky of the Illusory Demon Realm with one hand. And the tall and broad man in front of him... Was from the Twelve Guardian Families’ Mu family, Mu Yubai, the well-known Young Patriarch of the Mu family, and the future Patriarch of the Mu family. He was similarly a supreme existence who could shake the entire Illusory Demon Realm.


 But what this clearly entailed was that within the short span of a few years, Yun Che had, under the instruction of Jasmine and his own desperation and hard work, begun to close in on the realm of the mightiest existences within both the Profound Sky Continent and the Illusory Demon Realm.


 Mu Yubai snorted in contempt as he heard Yun Xiao’s words, “Allow your father and mother to fully recover? What kind of nonsense are you spouting?”


 “Uncle, Mother, what I said is completely true! If you do not believe me.... Ask Father!” Yun Xiao continued hurriedly. The miracle that had happened to Yun Qinghong caused him such joy that he felt like blood was rushing throughout his entire body. It could be said that in his entire lifetime, he had never been as excited as he was right now.


 “And this... is?” The woman whom Yun Xiao supported did not seem to hear his words at all. After she entered the room, her gaze fell directly on Yun Che, and did not move at all after that. Yun Che also looked at her, his lips repeatedly closing and opening, yet he did not utter a single word.


 The years did not leave many marks on her body, but it seemed to have left her with many scars. Anyone could see that in her youth, she had been a peerless beauty. Her appearance was gentle and elegant, her disposition, graceful and noble. Yet her disposition was not so much one of excessive nobility, it was more like she exuded an aura of melancholy... A deeply engraved melancholy that seemed to sit between her brows and in her soul. The melancholy was so deep that it seemed like even one thousand years would not be enough to clear it away. Even if an insensitive person saw her, he or she would clearly be able to feel her sorrow.


 Her face showed the same kind of paleness as Yun Qinghong. Even though she could walk, each step showed a noticeable weakness; even her eyes seemed to be covered in with a layer of haziness.


 Her current state might have been slightly better than Yun Qinghong’s... but it was not better by much.


 She... is my... birth mother...


 Mother...


 “Could it be that you are the young man who saved this kid and the Under Heaven Family’s girl?” Mu Yubai measured Yun Che with his eyes. When he felt his profound strength level, his brows making an obvious movement.


 “Mn, mn!” Yun Xiao nodded his head, his expression filled with excitement as he said, “Let me introduce him to you. Mother, Uncle, this person is Brother Yun. When Seventh Sister and I were ambushed by the men in black, he was the one who saved us.... Uh, Mother? Mother, are you alright? Why do you keep staring at Brother Yun?”


 Yun Xiao waved his hand in front of Mu Yurou’s eyes a couple of times. It was only after this that she recovered from her stupor. After which, she gently laughed, “It’s nothing, I am just very grateful. This child seems to feel so close and familiar to me, it is as if.... I had seen him once very long ago. Yun Che... Ah, so your surname is also Yun. I am Yun Xiao’s mother, thank you for saving my Xiao’er.”


 After saying this, Mu Yurou wanted to raise her body slightly, but Yun Che hurriedly stepped forward, “Au... Aunt Yun, please do not salute me. When I first saw Yun Xiao, it was like meeting an old friend. Also we have the same surname, and saving him was as simple as lifting a finger. Moreover, we are preparing to become sworn brothers, so please do not salute this junior in any way whatsoever.”


 “This...” Mu Yurou was slightly startled.


 “Hoho.” Yun Qinghong laughed, and looking at Yun Che, he said, “Yurou, you and I both share this same feeling, like we have seen him somewhere before. Just now, I even said that he looked like me in my youth, or perhaps he really does share some great affinity with our family... Yubai, how did the two of you find out about Xiao’er being ambushed?”


 Mu Yubai sternly declared, “The precious daughter of the Under Heaven family was almost killed. Greatest Ambition Under Heaven would definitely go wild with anger, so this old man quickly learned about this matter, but unfortunately, Yurou also heard it. Hmph...” Mu Yubai’s expression became dark, “Looks like some people think that they’ve been living too comfortably, so they’re in a hurry to court death! This matter has already drawn my attention, and that old dog from the Under Heaven family is definitely even more focused on it. I believe that it will only be a short while before we ferret out these bastards who are clearly tired of living.”


 “I’m just afraid that this current situation is a tad more complicated than what you think it is.” Yun Qinghong said while sighing.


 Mu Yubai’s eyes flashed, “Brother-in-law, did you perceive something?”


 “Let’s turn our minds to other things first.” Yun Qinghong did not want to continue on this topic. His gaze turned to Yun Che and he said, “Little brother, is it possible for you to examine my wife’s condition... If you can cure my wife, this Yun will definitely, in this life...”


 “Senior Yun’s words are too serious!” Yun Che swiftly said, interrupting Yun Qinghong mid-speech, “Yun Xiao and I are as close as brothers, Senior Yun and Aunt Yun are like half my family. This junior will definitely put in all of his effort. As for words of politeness or gratefulness, you really don’t need say them.”


 “Yeah, yeah, yeah!” Yun Xiao swiftly nodded his head, “Mother, hurry and sit, and let Brother Yun examine you. Brother Yun is extremely skilled in medical arts. Father’s dead... Pooh! Pooh! I mean Father’s meridians that had been in deep sleep for twenty odd years; Brother Yun woke them all up in less than two hours! Right now, Father is beginning to regain feeling in various parts of his body.”


 “What!” Mu Yubai brows jumped violently, he surged forward and rested his extended hand on top of Yun Qinghong’s shoulder. Quickly, the expression on his face became awash with violent emotions.


 “Big Brother, is it true?” Mu Yurou asked excitedly.


 Mu Yubai released his grip, and slowly nodded his head, saying, “It’s true... His previously dead meridians have completely recovered their vitality. Even though they are still relatively weak, as long as he devotes all his attention to becoming well, in no more than a few years, he can make a full recovery... This is practically a miracle!”


 “This is... true?” Mu Yurou body shook violently, and she was so excited that she nearly fainted on the spot.


 “Hoho. Even though this is my own body, even I myself nearly thought that I was dreaming.” Yun Qinghong slowly lifted both his hands. Although he had calmed down from his previous excitement long ago, his ruddy face still bore traces of it, as it manifested the great waves in his heart, “Right now, I can clearly feel the existence of every single meridian in my body.”


 “All of this is thanks to the efforts of Brother Yun!” Yun Xiao declared with great enthusiasm, “Brother Yun even said that he is confident that he can help father recover not only physically, but also help him recover his profound strength; all within the span of two months.”


 “Complete recovery?” Mu Yubai gaze shot towards Yun Che, and he started to appraise him yet again, “Did you really say such a thing?”


 “Yes.” Yun Che nodded his head.


 Mu Yubai furrowed his brows as his gaze turned grave, “You used a mere two hours to help a completely crippled person’s veins make a full recovery, so you do indeed have godly skills. In the two hundred years that I’ve lived thus far, I have not heard of such a thing before. But, before I question your medical ability, let me explain that what he suffered from was not a simple injury; it was a complete crippling due to him overdrawing on his own strength! Besides his meridians being crippled, his profound veins and internal organs are all on the brink of failure. Moreover, there is still an extremely terrifying and uncleansable cold poison in his system. Do you really have the ability to help him make a full recovery... And even help him recover his strength?”


 Yun Che looked straight at him, his expression calm as he answered, “Doctors do not tell lies. I can resurrect Senior Yun’s veins from the grave in two hours. I also have the confidence that within seven days, I can help them fully recover. I will be able to completely cleanse the cold poison in Senior Yun’s body, in the following three days, with not a single trace remaining. As for the failure of his profound veins and five viscera, even though it is troublesome, I have confidence that I can help Senior Yun make a full recovery within one month... Give me another month, and I can help Senior Yun regain all his profound strength.”


 Mu Yubai, “...”


 “The more this junior speaks, the harder it will be for Senior Mu to be convinced. In two months time, everyone will naturally witness the results.” Yun Che declared with determination.


 The gaze which Mu Yubai used to regard Yun Che grew more and more concentrated, while his heart was in a constant state of upheaval. The young man standing before him was only at the Sky Profound Realm, but under his imposing manner and his gaze, his gaze did not waver, nor did his face change color. Both his eyes were clear as clean water; he could not even detect a hint of falseness or inadequacy. Moreover, every word he said, to the ears of those who was familiar with Yun Qinghong’s condition, sounded too fantastic to be true. But somehow, they possessed the ability to cause people to unwittingly believe.


 “Good!” Mu Yubai nodded his head, “If you can really do as you have said, and cure my little sister and brother-in-law, then at that time, whatever request you make of me, even if you want me give my life for you, I won’t even furrow a brow!”


 This was the Young Patriarch of the Mu Family, yet he actually vowed to give his life to another. Yun Che was absolutely the first and only person he had ever made this vow to before. And this undoubtedly showed his deep concern for Mu Yurou. Yun Che looked at him with a few more degrees of respect... A kind of instinctive respect.


 “This junior only has one tiny request.” Yun Che said, “In regards to the healing of Senior Yun and Aunt Yun, before I have succeeded, please do not speak of this to anyone.”


 “Ah? Why?” Yun Xiao said in confusion, but he immediately saw that both Yun Qinghong and Mu Yurou did not express any suspicion or surprise. Instead, both of them looked deep in thought.


 Yun Che continued, “Even though this is junior’s first time coming to Demon Imperial City, after hearing about some things concerning the Yun Family and the Twelve Guardian Families from Yun Xiao, then witnessing the attack against Yun Xiao and Number Seven Under Heaven, I can faintly guess a few things. Coupled with the fact that in three months time, it will the Little Demon Empress’ Hundred Year Reign Ceremony, and that the Yun Family Clan Competition will be held in two months. During this period, there won’t be any peace within the Yun Family, and there will also be an undercurrent of unlawful elements abounding as well. If this junior’s ability to heal both Senior Yun and Aunt Yun is leaked outside, forgive this junior for speaking frankly, what may come from the rest of the Yun Family might very well not be delight... And in two months time, if Senior Yun and Aunt Yun still present themselves as cripples at the Family Competition, you might perhaps be able to unearth even more truths.”
Unearth this data, retracing it to the very heart of Nøv€lß¡n★

 Yun Qinghong and Mu Yubai stayed silent for a short period of time. Then, Mu Yubai nodded his head and said, “You are correct. This matter definitely cannot be discovered by anyone else. On my side, I will only tell this to my Father, to raise his spirits. Xiao’er, always bear this in mind, you definitely cannot let anyone else know of this matter. Do not reveal even a trace of information! Even if that girl from the Under Heaven Family who has got you wrapped around her little finger comes calling, you are not to reveal anything at all! Do you understand?!”


 “I understand, I definitely won’t tell anyone else.” Yun Xiao nodded his head vigorously. Even though he did not fully understand Yun Che’s words, he knew what was important and what was not, and he also knew what he should and should not do, so he was very clear about this.


 “Kid... Is this really your first time coming to the Demon Imperial City?” Mu Yubai stared at Yun Che as he spoke.


 “It’s my first time. In fact, this very day is my first day within the Demon Imperial City.” Yun Che said with extreme steadfastness. Not a single one of the words he spoke was a lie.


 “Kid... You’re not simple...” Mu Yubai said seriously, “The words that I have said to you just now, I definitely won’t go back on them! If you can really completely heal them both, not only this family, but even I, Mu Yubai, will owe you half my life!”


 Yun Qinghong lightly nodded. He was exceedingly clear on the kind of shocking appraisal that would actually cause the words “not simple” to come out from Mu Yubai’s mouth.


 Yun Che nodded his head, after which he turned to Mu Yurou, “Yun Xiao, bring Aunt Yun over here. I will help her awaken her meridians first.”


 Mu Yubai’s eyes suddenly flashed, while Yun Qinghong gently said, “Just now, your act of awakening my meridians have already caused you to be drenched in sweat, and it must have consumed a lot of your strength. I think it would be better if you had a rest first.”


 “No need.” Yun Che shook his head, “Because we must first unblock the veins before we can begin to cleanse the cold poison. Every breath the poison remains within the body increases the damage it does and the danger it poses. Senior Yun might have suffered more severe bodily harm than Aunt Yun, but Aunt Yun’s constitution is slightly weaker than Senior Yun. If Senior Yun’s condition is left unattended, he can still endure for roughly another three years. But, even though Aunt Yun can walk, the cold poison in her body can completely invade her life vein at any time... This also means that there is a chance the cold poison in her body could completely flare up at any time. Therefore... We cannot wait even another second!”


 Yun Che did indeed wear himself out in order to treat Yun Qinghong earlier, but he had no exaggerated in the slightest about Mu Yurou’s condition. So even though he was dead tired, he would definitely not allow any more delays to occur, because she... was his birth mother!


 “Ah!” Yun Che words frightened Yun Xiao greatly. He had never thought that his parent’s conditions had worsened to this degree. His voice practically shivered as he asked, “Is... Is... Is this really true?”


 He himself was the most clear on the current status of his body, so after hearing what Yun Che had said, Yun Qinghong’s confidence in him suddenly rose by several degrees. He lightly said, “If that is the case, then we will have to trouble you.”


 Yun Xiao helped Mu Yurou sit down. Yun Che stood in front of Mu Yurou, and his palms gently pressed down on the pit of her stomach... There was only a distance of half a step between the both of them, and Mu Yurou’s gaze was very close. And it was only this gaze that Yun Che did not dare meet, because he was afraid that the gentleness of that gaze would cause him to lose control there and then.


 In the past, he was very certain that he was completely indifferent to blood ties which did not exist at first. Even if he met his birth parents, it would not cause a single ripple in his heart... But after seeing Yun Qinghong, and meeting Mu Yurou, he knew then that he was wrong, and what a great wrong it was. Or perhaps it was better to say that the bond of blood was not something that could be controlled by willpower or fear.


 “Child, I have troubled you. Please do not feel too much pressure. Even if you cannot heal me, we will forever be grateful to you.” Mu Yurou said in a gentle voice. She viewed the man in front of her up close, and she found that it was hard for her to draw her gaze away from him. A strange feeling caused her heart to beat chaotically; it was only that she could not figure out the reason for such a bizarre feeling.


 Yun Che nodded his head lightly. After that, the Great Way of the Buddha was completely active and he regulated his profound energy control until it was at its most gentle state. He used this profound energy to slowly and gently infuse the energy of heaven and earth into Mu Yurou’s body.


 Mu Yubai’s eyes opened wide, and he stared unblinkingly at Yun Che’s movements and expression. Once Mu Yurou’s veins had been fully awoken, her body started to transmit signals of pain to her, and this caused the Young Patriarch of the Mu Family, who could shake the entire Illusory Demon Realm, to jump up and down excitedly like a little kid. He started to circle Yun Che and Mu Yurou excitedly while his two hands rubbed together so vigorously that they almost generated sparks.


 Seeing the result and witnessing the process was naturally two completely different matters altogether. Mu Yubai viewed Yun Che with passion, but also as if he was some kind of monster. Yun Qinghong was extremely quiet throughout the process; the expression in his eyes switched from joy to wonder and back again. At the same time, he also mutely gazed at Yun Che as he sank into deep thought.


 This time Yun Che only used one hour to successfully clear all of Mu Yurou’s veins. After he had accomplished his mission, he swayed once, then collapsed to sit on the floor, with his entire body soaked in sweat.


 “Brother Yun!” Yun Xiao rushed over to support him.


 “Yun Xiao, help me arrange for a quiet room... Senior Yun, Aunt Yun, Senior Mu, this junior has slightly exceeded the limits of his endurance, so I will have to excuse myself first...”


 After he had finished speaking, the scenery in front of him became a blur, and he could not hear a single sound... Soon after, he descended into a deep sleep.


 In the state where his mind was relaxed, he only wanted to have a good sleep. If he was in another place, even if he was not surrounded by enemies, he would never allow himself to descend into such deep slumber. But the ones around him, even though he had only known all of them for a day, were all people who had true blood ties to him... The indescribable bonds established by blood was not something he could defend against, or was willing to defend against with his great willpower.

