

Chapter 1736 - Moon’s Demise (6)

 The purple sea was boundless, like a purple purgatory that one could never escape from.


 After she had wounded both Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er in a single instant, Xia Qingyue vanished yet again. She suddenly reappeared above Qianye Ying’er and millions of purple beams hurtled toward her like torrential rain.


 Every single beam of purple light was dazzlingly dense and all of them contained a bone-piercing, ice-cold killing intent.


 All of Qianye Ying’er’s blood and energy churned. This time, she chose to withdraw as much darkness energy as possible. Her figure turned blazingly fast as she flitted through the purple domain, leaving multiple afterimages in her wake.


 When Xia Qingyue had first crossed swords with Yun Che, their power had been evenly matched amidst the explosive clashes of their power.


 The moment Xia Qingyue opened up her Purple Pylon Divine Domain, they were immediately affected by a dreadfully heavy suppression that surpassed all common sense. Furthermore, Xia Qingyue’s power and aura explosively swelled in this domain and every single attack she made was filled with heavenly might.


 Under these deleterious effects, the two of them had been beaten back by her even though they worked together.


 “With my current power, I can only maintain this divine domain for a hundred breaths.”


 Qianye Ying’er recalled the words that Xia Qingyue had muttered just now.


 One hundred breaths...


 If Xia Qingyue could really maintain such a terrifying domain for one hundred breaths, then it was indeed possible for both her and Yun Che to die inside this domain within that amount of time.


 She had never dared to underestimate Xia Qingyue and even when they were still plotting this invasion in the Northern Divine Region. The very first dangerous element she had mentioned was Xia Qingyue.


 However, the size of this chasm of strength created by this domain far exceeded even her most generous appraisal of Xia Qingyue. Furthermore... this domain definitely wasn’t ordinary!


 Qianye Ying’er did not choose to engage Xia Qingyue in battle any longer. She swiftly weaved through the air as she sent Yun Che a sound transmission. “Think of a way to break this domain! It’s impossible for such a bizarre domain to not have any weaknesses!”


 However, Qianye Ying’er’s sound transmission failed to reach Yun Che inside of this purple sea.


 As he witnessed Xia Qingyue’s power and killing intent surge toward Qianye Ying’er, Yun Che pressed a hand against his chest and remained motionless for a long time. Drops of blood flowed from the wound in his chest as it dyed his hand a bright red. As his eyes sharpened, the light glowing from his eyes became even more gloomier.


 The Purple Pylon Divine Domain.


 A domain which contained the word “divine” in it.


 He had seen and faced off against countless strong domains in his lifetime.


 The very first time he had encountered a domain, it was during the Blue Wind Ranking Tournament, when he had his first ever duel against Xia Qingyue. At that time, she had shown him an incomplete Frozen Cloud Domain.


 At that time, Xia Qingyue’s profound cultivation was still in the Nine Mortal Realms, she had been at the ninth level of the Earth Profound Realm. But a domain was something that someone in that realm could not hope to comprehend or control.


 Yet Xia Qingyue had possessed one, and that deeply shocked everyone who had been present for that fight.


 It was also due to this power, a power that clearly transcended the limits of her cultivation, that she was able to handily defeat Ling Yun even though his cultivation was slightly higher than her own. He had been left utterly helpless in front of the might of her Frozen Cloud Domain and he had to rely on burning his own Phoenix blood in the end to forcefully break apart the domain that he had no answer for.


 At that time, Jasmine told him the reason why Xia Qingyue could use a domain at the Earth Profound Realm. It was because she possessed the Nine Profound Exquisite Body that could transcend the laws of the universe.


 “Ah, is she... transcending the laws of the universe once more?”


 The picture in his mind dissolved into ashes as Yun Che softly muttered to himself. A sinister grin suddenly started to form on his face.


 Yun Che had seen far too many restriction and suppression type domains. Moreover, once someone reached the Divine Master Realm, the highest realm of power that a human could hope to obtain in this era, they would realize that even the restriction type domain of a level ten Divine Master would not be able to suppress the profound strength of a level ten Divine Master as dramatically as the Purple Pylon Divine Domain had affected their profound strength.


 This domain had absolutely transcended the normal “limits” of this era. Perhaps it had truly managed to just touch the vague and illusory domain of the “gods”, so it had become a power that could not be resisted by any power that was within the “boundaries” of this universe.


 Since they couldn’t resist it...


 “Then let’s just cause the laws within this space...” He raised a bloodstained hand, causing the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor Sword to fly back into his hand and glow with a pitch-black devilish light. “To completely collapse.”


 As he muttered those words, he lifted his head and the cry of a phoenix echoed in the air. After that, the divine figure of the Golden Crow flashed into existence behind him. Golden flames erupted from his body and the light of these soaring golden flames overwhelmed the purple light of this domain, instantly creating a vast fiery purgatory of Golden Crow flames.


 Under the might of the Purple Pylon Divine Domain, these golden flames were swiftly dying out. But Yun Che’s grin remained as sinister as ever. He raised an arm to the sky and thousands of lightning bolts suddenly crashed down into the purple domain, instantly forming a vast domain of crackling lightning within it. Furthermore, the color of this lightning was not the commonly known divine purple. Instead, it was the color of fresh blood.


 Every single bolt of lightning was made of heavenly law tribulation lightning, which reigned supreme over all the lightning in the universe!


 The domain of golden flames and the domain of scarlet lightning spread out simultaneously and started merging with one another, creating an incredibly dreadful calamity of fire and lightning.


 However, Yun Che was far from done. After the tribulation lightning fell from the sky, another phoenix cry rang in the air. The image of the Ice Phoenix flashed into life within the sea of fire and lightning. Freezing ice instantly started to spread out, creating another vast domain of snow and ice.


 Fire, lightning, ice... The power of three elements had erupted from the same person’s body simultaneously. He had even unleashed three incredibly powerful domains of pure elemental power at the same time. As they violently mixed together, the laws within this area were being forcefully shaken and thrown into disorder.


 The suppression of profound strength also affected movement skills. After she had blinked multiple times from one spot to another, Qianye Ying’er was pierced by a beam of purple light that struck her head-on and she was sent tumbling backwards.


 Xia Qingyue chased Qianye Ying’er like her own shadow as the Purple Pylon Divine Sword dove at her... However, it was at this exact moment that the purple light in her eyes suddenly trembled violently.


 RUUUMMBLEEEE——


 This world which flowed with purple light suddenly transformed into a raging ocean. Incredibly violent tremors shook it, and Xia Qingyue’s body also came to a sudden halt in this moment.


 Whooo!


 After the flames, tribulation lightning and frozen end ice, a furious storm surged out from his body, throwing the purple sea into an even greater chaos.


 Scorching golden flames, explosive tribulation lightning, freezing Frozen End ice, and wild and turbulent winds. All four of these things were savagely attacking the Purple Pylon Divine Domain.


 If Yun Che focused on using a single element to his maximum capacity, it would be gradually consumed and restricted by the Purple Pylon Divine Domain.


 However, he was manipulating four elemental laws at the same time... and this was already something that transcended the principles of these laws, something which went against the logic of the universe.


 It was as if the Purple Pylon Divine Domain had been struck by a heavenly mallet. It violently shuddered before a long thin crack appeared in it... This crack had started from the epicenter of the four chaotically intermixing elemental domains and it lengthened at a ridiculously fast rate. In the blink of an eye, it stretched to five hundred kilometers, five thousand kilometers, fifty thousand kilometers...


 Xia Qingyue’s face suddenly went white and the purple light in her eyes dimmed dramatically.


 The Purple Pylon Divine Domain was undergoing a world-shaking change, and both Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er were staring at Xia Qingyue. Neither of them had missed the blood draining from her face or the sudden disarray in her aura.


 This instantaneous change had sent them a loud message. The Purple Pylon Divine Domain was actually connected to Xia Qingyue’s life and vitality!?


 In other words, Xia Qingyue was actually burning her own life to form this Purple Pylon Divine Domain!


 As the purple sea violently shook, Qianye Ying’er felt the pressure on her lessen dramatically. Black light flashed in her eyes and she instantly opened up a vast domain of darkness. The Divine Oracle flew back into her hand and a line of golden light shot out like a striking serpent. It flashed over several kilometers as it shot straight toward Xia Qingyue.


 Clang!


 The powers of the two women clashed together as huge ripples immediately appeared in the purple sea. Xia Qingyue’s body bent backwards and Qianye Ying’er’s left arm violently shuddered as her wound split open... However, this result was entirely different from when she had clashed with Xia Qingyue under the absolute suppression of her domain.


 Xia Qingyue turned around and saw the four domains that Yun Che had opened up simultaneously, an act that was equivalent to a divine miracle. She stretched out an arm and nine purple moons coalesced into existence at the same time as they sought to shatter Yun Che’s domain... However, a beam of cold light that seemed to come from the nine hells themselves shot out, piercing her very heart and soul.


 Qianye Ying’er still possessed the blood of a Devil Emperor, so even though the Purple Pylon Divine Domain had yet to collapse, its suppression over her had weakened to less than a fifth of its previous power.


 Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang...


 The powers of the two women violently clashed in the air and every time their powers collided, the Divine Oracle would instantly change shape. It might unleash a sword beam that cut through the air, create millions of golden halos, dance in the air like a golden snake, or unleash seemingly unlimited rays of golden light.
This essence is securely nested within the heart of Nøv€lß¡n★

 The collision of power sounded like the violent and vigorous tolling of a divine bell, unleashing dreadful explosions of sounds that could easily rend one’s heart and soul. A storm of energy erupted around them every instant and each and every one of these storms contained enough power to destroy a star... or even a star realm.


 Rumble!


 Purple light exploded in the air and Qianye Ying’er was instantly shoved dozens of kilometers backwards by Xia Qingyue’s Purple Pylon divine power, the Divine Oracle flying from her hand. All of the blood and energy in her body churned as blood flowed down her lips.


 It was at this time that Yun Che’s fifth domain... which was also his most powerful domain, the Eternal Calamity of Darkness’ domain, violently exploded into life in the middle of the four elemental domains, filling the sky with darkness.


 In the blink of an eye, all five domains mixed together with one another. Chaotic energy roiled in the air as world-ending power crashed against the Purple Pylon Divine Domain in a frenzy. This was a domain that they had no answer for but the rampaging power of the five domains were destroying the laws which held it together like a bunch of withered sticks.


 BZZZZZ————


 A soft cry that seemed to come from an ancient abyss rang in the air. Under the power of Yun Che’s five domains, the Purple Pylon Divine Domain was no longer merely cracking apart. It was collapsing at a crazy rate and in the blink of an eye, a vast hole had been carved out from this boundless purple sea.


 This hole was not big when compared to the vast and boundless Purple Pylon Divine Domain, but it cruelly ripped into Xia Qingyue’s life force like a sharp knife. All blood immediately drained from her face as bright red blood violently sprayed from her mouth.


 Qianye Ying’er chose to press in at this exact instant. An extremely tiny devil god domain that contained a dreadfully powerful darkness shot straight toward Xia Qingyue’s heart.


 Xia Qingyue had managed to turn her body around just in time, purple light glowing in her eyes.


 Booom!!


 Darkness and purple moons exploded at the same time, and both women were sent flying amidst the fractured and displaced space around them.


 SCREEEEE~~~~~~


 Without the suppression of the Purple Pylon Divine Domain, the soul-shaking cry of a phoenix rang out with incredible clarity. As fiery light began to burn in Yun Che’s eyes, the Phoenix Manifest God created a vast sea of fire in front of him. A fiery storm that burned through space itself mercilessly engulfed the flying Xia Qingyue.


 Boom!!


 A purple moon rose within that sea of flames. It transformed into countless beams of purple light which rigidly bound the Phoenix Manifest God... As she floated within the flames, most of Xia Qingyue’s body had been stained with blood and her purple eyes had lost most of their divine light. However, the Moon God might radiating from her body was still as vast and boundless as ever.


 With a shrill cry of misery, the Phoenix Manifest God was torn apart by the purple light as it dissolved into embers which filled the sky.


 She did not bother inspecting her wounds or even regulating her frantically churning blood and energy. Instead, Xia Qingyue left a freezing red shadow in her wake as her sword coldly and resolutely pierced toward Qianye Ying’er.


 The Nine Profound Exquisite Body could easily transcend the laws of this universe.


 But how could it be so easy to transcend the very limits of this era?


 The Purple Pylon Divine Domain wasn’t something that she had achieved with her Nine Profound Exquisite Body alone. It was a divine domain that she had to burn her very life... burn the vitality of a god emperor to use, and even then it only lasted for a hundred breaths.


 Because it was only when she unveiled this Purple Pylon Divine Domain, this transcendent domain which could not be broken by any power in this current era, something which she could only maintain for one hundred breaths, that she would have truly been able to kill Qianye Ying’er.


 This domain that she should never have been able to comprehend was her final gambit.


 The only person that could destroy it was Yun Che, the only person whose powers transcended the limits of the current universe. In fact, he was also the only person who could defy all the laws of this universe.


 He had done exactly that, at such an incredibly fast pace too.


 After all, the present Yun Che was completely different from the person he had been in the past. His cultivation, mental state, cunning, and his understanding of the profound way and the laws of the universe had all undergone an earth-shaking change.


 However, she wasn’t surprised by any of these things.


 But...


 Why did it have to be him...


 Boom!


 Her power clashed with Qianye Ying’er inside the tattered Purple Pylon Divine Domain... Yun Che also let out a deep roar at this moment. Flames, tribulation lightning, freezing ice, violent winds, darkness. He released five different domains simultaneously within this trembling purple sea on the verge of ruin, creating a compound domain of true apocalyptic calamity which could destroy both the heavens and the earth, a domain which caused all of the laws of the universe to collapse.


 Space folded in on itself as the gigantic purple domain violently shook before finally collapsing and shattering into countless fragments of lustrous purple light.


 It was as if the vast star region had been filled with mesmerizingly beautiful motes of purple stardust. Amidst this ephemeral purple glow, Xia Qingyue’s bloodstained body spiraled into the distance like a butterfly with a clipped wing.


 Countless profound practitioners of the Eastern Divine Region saw that distant purple moon soundlessly scatter into motes of purple light, weaving an indescribably tragic and beautiful tapestry of destruction. This continued until the last mote of purple light disappeared into the horizon and not a single trace of that beautiful purple moon was left behind.

