

Chapter 1202: The Four Conferred God Children

 Chapter 1202 - The Four Conferred God Children


 When the young girl cried out, the merciless soul pressure that had been stripping Yun Che’s of his sense of existence also dissipated suddenly like a burst dam. Spirit abruptly returned to Yun Che’s eyes as the Golden Crow Divine Soul and Ice Phoenix Divine Soul broke out of their forced slumber in unison. The infinitely vast space of his soul world began glowing with brilliant gold and blue once more...


 “You... y-y-you...”


 Although Shui Meiyin was young, she possessed a transcendent Divine Stainless Soul. This meant that she was born with a sense of superiority and nobility that came naturally to her. That was why she could act and smile confidently before the strongest experts of the Eastern Divine Region unlike other young profound practitioners.


 However, the young girl sounded absolutely panicked right now. Not a bit of calmness was left in her voice.


 Although she had a special soul that allowed her to look down on all living things, she was a completely blank paper when it came to her “experience” in the ways of men and women. In this regard, she was at least ten thousand Shui Yangyues behind Yun Che.


 Even more treacherous were the scenes Yun Che had specifically chosen to recall. Anyone, be it Shui Meiyin’s mother or a prostitute who had countless sexual experiences in their lives, would’ve turned red with embarrassment if they were in Shui Meiyin’s position, much less a pure fifteen year old young girl! Even better, Shui Meiyin’s consciousness was inside Yun Che’s soul space right now, which meant that she had a near perfect “view” and “sensation” of his dirty thoughts...


 One might say that it was a huge blow to her soul to say the least.


 After Shui Meiyin’s soul energy crumbled on its own, Yun Che instantly counterattacked and dispelled the layers of pressure in the blink of an eye.


 “You... you... how could you... you... you bad person!!”


 The young girl’s words were shaky, nonsensical, and panicky to the point where she was on the brink of tears.


 “Hmm? What are you saying? What did I do?” Yun Che replied innocently, “I was just recalling scenes of me and my wives... loving each other, that’s all. Is there anything wrong with that? Ah? Oh no, don’t tell me you peeped on those memories too? You’re not one of those bad girls, are you?”


 Shui Meiyin’s soul was practically shaking after Yun Che had blasphemed her soul, and then dumped the blame on her. “You... you... you are the bad person! You are a bad person! Y-you... I’m telling my sister about this... Nn... I’m really angry now!!”


 Shui Meiyin forced herself to concentrate and stopped her soul energy from collapsing in just a short time, filling Yun Che’s entire soul space with tremendous pressure once more. This time though, a delicate figure slowly appeared before Yun Che. It was none other than Shui Meiyin herself... somehow, she was able to manifest herself in Yun Che’s soul space.


 A sea of black butterflies flew behind her, filling up more than half of Yun Che’s soul space. Although the dancing insects looked ephemerally beautiful and enigmatic, Yun Che actually felt like the sky was about to collapse on him. His heart and soul froze for just an instant. The pressure was so powerful, so terrible, that Yun Che was almost certain that his consciousness would be completely crushed if it was allowed to fall on him.


 Obviously, Shui Meiyin had gotten angry.


 She had never been blasphemed in her life, much less in such a shameless and intimate way.


 Black butterflies filled the sky. The ice phoenix and golden crow’s soul images quickly turned pale and colorless once more.


 Shui Meiyin’s soul energy definitely far exceeded his expectations. He had always been confident in his mental strength, but the reality was that Shui Meiyin had wiped the floor with him, especially when she had started going all out. Even struggling had become a near impossibility.


 If she was this powerful at this age... he literally couldn’t imagine what she might become in the future.


 Unfortunately for Shui Meiyin, she was just too young. Yun Che knew her greatest weakness now.


 Yun Che didn’t put up any resistance despite facing the full power and fury of Shui Meiyin. Just as the young girl cried out, and the black butterflies shone black, the instant the soul energy came crashing down on Yun Che, a girl suddenly appeared in his mind.


 She was a young girl wearing a black dress with black butterflies sewn to her slender waist. She had pupils as dark as the night, the countenance of an angel, and a purity that was comparable to that to a spirit. It was none other than Shui Meiyin herself.


 The girl was standing there doing nothing, when a Yun Che suddenly appeared out of nowhere and pushed her down on the ground. He then tore apart her clothes mercilessly, and revealed a delicate and pitiable snow white body.


 The entire soul space shuddered, and the skyful of black butterflies suddenly froze in their tracks. The real Shui Meiyin’s pupils instantly widened. “Ah... you...”
Ñ00v€l--ß1n hosted the premiere release of this chapter.

 She was just about to shout angrily at Yun Che when her voice suddenly died. Then, a scream several times longer and more frightened than the one before burst out of her throat.


 In that scene, Yun Che had lifted her all too delicate body into the air, locked her in an incredibly embarrassing position and rammed his waist straight against hers... before she could recover from her shock, Yun Che had turned her around into an even more embarrassing pose before ravishing her from behind.


 “Ah... Ah... Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh!!!”


 The young girl’s cries filled every corner of the soul world. The glowing black butterflies fell into confusion before they started crumbling in droves.


 Not only was Yun Che’s method shameless beyond compare, the timing of his execution was also incredibly treacherous... He had chosen the exact moment Shui Meiyin unleashed her full power to play the scene in his head. As a result, Shui Meiyin’s soul attack hadn’t just crumbled, it had backlashed harshly against her soul too.


 At the same time, Yun Che summoned all of his soul energy and threw it against her. The Golden Crow and Ice Phoenix divine souls exploded at the same time and filled the entire soul space with fire and ice.


 Shui Meiyin had lost control completely, and Yun Che had seized the opportunity to counter attack with his full power. As a result, Yun Che successfully overturned what should’ve been a completely one-sided victory, as Shui Meiyin’s soul figure turned blurry due to the backlash, before vanishing entirely.


 On the Conferred God Stage, Yun Che suddenly opened his eyes and unleashed his profound energy. He pounced towards Shui Meiyin like a meteor and trapped her inside profound energy right away.


 The consequence of a soul rebound was far worse than a profound energy rebound of the same level. If the rebound was severe, it might even deal irreversible damage to a one’s soul. Therefore, Shui Meiyin had no way to accumulate profound energy while her soul was in chaos. By the time she let out her scream and fell heavily on her butt, Yun Che had already completely sealed her in profound energy from head to toe.


 It looked like Yun Che had suppressed Shui Meiyin with profound energy easily, but in reality he was letting out a long sigh of relief in his head.


 The abrupt change caught everyone off guard. Loud exclamations kept bursting from the spectator stands.


 “What?” Shui Yangyue shot to her feet immediately. Disbelief was clearly etched on her face.


 The two of them had fought soul to soul, and... Yun Che was the one who won the battle?


 Yun Che and Shui Meiyin’s soul battle had lasted quite a long time, but no one had tried to check what was going on inside with their soul energy. It was because a forceful soul probe was bound to cause interference to both parties’ souls, and since this was the Conferred God Battle such an action was absolutely not allowed.


 Since no one could see what was going on inside the soul world, no one knew what kind of “terrible” battle Yun Che and Shui Meiyin had gone through. They only knew that Yun Che had unleashed both the Golden Crow Divine Soul and Ice Phoenix Divine Soul at the same time, although they sensed nothing from Shui Meiyin because her soul energy was absolutely untraceable.


 Yun Che had Shui Meiyin completely under his profound energy’s control. Anyone could see that he could take her life easily if he exerted even a bit of force. The battle, was decided.


 Yun Che said unhurriedly, “You’ve lost. Now surr... Um?”


 Yun Che’s voice trailed off unnaturally. Even his eyes had become frozen for a second.


 Shui Meiyin was sitting absentmindedly on the floor and staring at him with misty eyes. A bright pink color had crawled all the way from her perfect countenance down to her neck. Somehow, the blend of color and expression granted her a seductive, irresistible quality that could thrum the heartstrings and blood of every man. It was a charm that absolutely shouldn’t belong to someone her age.


 Gradually, Shui Meiyin’s eyes turned red and watery.


 “...” Yun Che’s face was as thick as a city wall, but even he couldn’t help but avert his gaze and speak weakly, “Cough, I er... as you know there’s a saying called ‘all fair’s in war’, so that just now was a er... common tactic. Please don’t get mad okay.”


 Yun Che lowered his voice to the point where only Shui Meiyin could hear him, and every word he said was suffused with guilt. It was to the point where he began withdrawing his profound energy from Shui Meiyin without realizing it.


 Not only was it no “common” tactic, it was absolutely despicable and extremely shameless, especially because his opponent was only half an adult. Yun Che hadn’t just blasphemed her soul in the soul space, he had practically raped her right before her own eyes.


 “...” Shui Meiyin bit her lips as water threatened to drown her eyes completely. Finally, they condensed into two translucent tear droplets.


 “I’ll... never... forgive you!!”


 Shui Meiyin suddenly turned around after the cry and struggled free from Yun Che’s profound energy suppression. As she got up and flew into the air, the two tear droplets finally broke free from her eyes and landed soundlessly on the Conferred God Stage and Yun Che’s heart and soul.


 Yun Che, “...”


 Shui Meiyin flew out of the Conferred God Stage in the blink of an eye, but she didn’t slow down, return to the Glazed Light Realm’s seating or even greet her father and sister. She just flew far away into the distance.


 “Meiyin!” The Glazed Light Realm King stood up with clear worry on his face. Beside him, Shui Yangyue’s had already taken off in a blue light and chased after Shui Meiyin. Before she left, Yun Che could clearly sense her steely gaze drilling into his body. It was immediately followed by everyone else in the Glazed Light Realm’s seating area, including the Glazed Light Realm King himself.


 He could sense puzzlement, hostility... and anger from their eyes.


 Earlier, he hadn’t had a moment to think about the consequences because he was pushed to the brink by Shui Meiyin. It was only now that he finally realized the severity of the problem at hand.


 Shui Meiyin was no ordinary person. She was the beloved daughter of the Glazed Light Realm King, an unprecedented genius in the entire history of the Eastern Divine Region, and an unparalleled proud daughter of the heavens that the Eternal Heaven Realm King himself had tried to recruit as a disciple... then was rejected by.


 It showed just how precious Shui Meiyin was to the Glazed Light Realm.


 If they ever learned how exactly he had beaten Shui Meiyin... the entire Glazed Light Realm would eat him alive!


 Forget the Glazed Light Realm, the Glazed Light Realm King himself would eat him alive!


 Yun Che became drenched in cold sweat the moment he thought of this.


 She probably wouldn’t tell anyone else about it... would she?


 Yun Che prayed hard in his head. If she told the truth... he had already offended the Holy Eaves Realm earlier in order to vent his frustrations. If he had to deal with the Glazed Light Realm too then he might as well run away from the Eastern Divine Region this second!


 Even Honorable Qu Hui was stunned for a very long time before he finally returned back to earth. He hurriedly declared, “Shui Meiyin has gone out of bounds. Her climb to the top of the Conferred God Battle stops here.”


 “Yun Che wins. He’ll be fighting in the seventh battle of the Losers Group three days from now!”


 Both of today’s battles had ended really quickly. The end result of Meng Duanxi and Jun Xilei’s battle surprised no one, but Yun Che and Shui Meiyin’s battle was definitely a shocker. Shui Meiyin’s abnormal reactions also made them certain that something strange had happened while they were doing battle in the soul world.


 Enduring the cold, murderous gaze of the Glazed Light Realm’s crowd, Yun Che walked down the Conferred God Stage and returned to his seat. The moment he sat down, Mu Bingyun asked, “What happened?”


 “Er...” Yun Che put on a straight face and said, “It’s nothing. Shui Meiyin’s soul energy is shockingly powerful, and I was nearly defeated by her. However, thanks to her ‘inexperience’, I was barely able to beat her using a ‘little trick’. I... think she got angry because of it.”


 Mu Bingyun knew Yun Che well enough to know that he was a man who hid his emotions well. However, his voice obviously lacked strength when he told her his answer. Whatever he did, it obviously wasn’t just a ‘little trick’.


 She was about to probe deeper when Huo Poyun’s barely controlled shout came from afar. “Brother Yun! You... You’re just too amazing! Top four! You’re now one of the Conferred God Children, a new member of the Four God Children of the Eastern Divine Region!”


 After Yun Che had defeated Shui Meiyin, the Four God Children of the Conferred God Battle were born. They were Luo Changsheng and Shui Yangyue from the winner group, and Jun Xilei and Yun Che from the loser group.


 Luo Changsheng, Shui Yangyue, and Jun Xilei were “God Children of the Eastern Divine Region” from the start. However, Yun Che had joined their ranks by replacing Lu Lengchuan. Since he had joined them by defeating one of their members on the Conferred God Stage, where countless profound practitioners of the Eastern Divine Region had borne witness, his new status was acknowledged and solidified faster than expected.


 Yun Che hailed from a middle star realm, and his profound energy was only at the eighth level of the Divine Tribulation Realm. Technically speaking, the gap between his power and the three God Children’s power was like heaven and earth. However, Yun Che had undoubted created miracle after miracle on the Conferred God Stage again and again, turning everyone’s common sense upside down and defeating opponents that should’ve been impossible for him to defeat. At this point, no one could question his right. On the contrary, the moment he was officially recognized as a member of the Four God Children, he was cheered by everyone from the stands and even those watching through the star tablets. The shouts among those of lower star realms and middle star realms were especially loud.


 This was the first time someone from a middle star realm had trod on the heads of countless upper star realm cultivators and become one of the absolute best of the best. The shock and sensation Yun Che stirred on the Conferred God Stage far exceeded any one of the three God Children.


 The cheers from the Snow Song Realm and Flame God Realm were so great that even the blue sky was shaking slightly in response.


 According to the Voice of Eternal Heaven, supreme glory wasn’t the only thing Yun Che would get for becoming a Conferred God Child. The four great king realms would give each of them a special reward as well. However, no one knew what this special reward would be just yet.


 There were no additional ranking battles, the Eternal Heaven Realm would be the judge of that. For example, Eternal Heaven Realm would decide between Shui Meiyin and Meng Duanxi who was fifth or sixth place according to their overall strength and performance. The same went for Lu Lengchuan, Huo Poyun, and the others as well.


 The next few battles to come were still displayed on the screen even though everyone already knew about them:


 Conferred God Group Final Match (Tomorrow):


 Holy Eaves Realm 【Luo Changsheng】 (Tenth level of the Divine Spirit Realm) versus Glazed Light Realm 【Shui Yangyue】 (Tenth level of the Divine Spirit Realm)


 Loser Group Seventh Battle (Three Days Later):


 Jasper Heart Sword Pavilion 【Jun Xilei】 (Tenth level of the Divine Spirit Realm) versus Snow Song Realm 【Yun Che】 (Eighth level of the Divine Tribulation Realm)


 Both battles had yet begun, but they had already imprinted themselves deep into everyone’s hearts.


 Luo Changsheng was certain to beat Shui Yangyue because Jun Xilei was no match for Luo Changsheng, and Shui Yangyue was about as strong as Jun Xilei. Naturally, it would be almost impossible for her to beat Luo Changsheng.


 As for the battle between Jun Xilei and Yun Che... it was true that Yun Che had shown them many miracles and pleasant surprises again and again, but he had also exposed his absolute limit during his battle against Lu Lengchuan. Although he ultimately managed to beat Lu Lengchuan, it was a hard won victory. But Jun Xilei was far stronger than Lu Lengchuan.


 That was why no one actually thought that he could beat Jun Xilei even though there were countless people who were cheering for him.


 Naturally, the final battle of the Losers Group should be between Jun Xilei and Shui Yangyue.

