

Chapter 1120 - As If Meeting In A Dream

 Chapter 1120 - As If Meeting In A Dream


 It was not only Mu Baimei, both Emperor Nanlie and Han Kuan were equally shocked. Their gaze shifted, promptly looking behind Mu Baimei. Yun Che was standing there in the same posture as before. They were all mighty Divine Kings, but they couldn’t clearly see how he managed to appear there at all.


 Yun Che’s eyes grew cold. He sneered and coldly laughed, “Mu Baimei, this fox tail of yours is very ugly, eh?”


 A stately Divine King executed a lethal attack against a youth in the Divine Soul Realm within a distance of two steps, using the most despicable of means, yet only grasping air. Within the bounds of their knowledge, this was completely impossible, something that could not be understood. Mu Baimei slowly turned around. He looked at Yun Che and then saw the disappearing ice image in his hands, his face dark beyond measure.


 “Wonderful! This is so wonderful!” Emperor Nanlie stared at this strange sight, “Old Man Mu, to think that this king felt you put on the most perfect of acts, yet this kid has always been on his guard against you. You are a Divine King and yet you can’t even ambush a kid in the Divine Soul Realm. What a joke, I think you’ve thrown your face away for the rest of your life, hahahaha.”


 “Heh.” Yun Che laughed in a low voice, “How could a Realm King that’s so friendly and without airs in front of a junior, have an unreasonable and spoiled son? From your son’s actions, in contrast with that friendly and righteous face of yours, this told me from the very start that you were either shrewd, or putting on a false act, or both.”
The initial posting of this chapter occurred via noovelllbbin

 “Hahahaha, hahahaha!!” Emperor Nanlie joyfully clapped his hands and laughed. “Good! Well said! Ah, Old Man Mu, Old Man Mu. This kid has only known you for two hours but he has managed to grasp your character completely, this is truly marvelous. This king regrets not imprinting this entire scene with a Profound Imagery Stone. It would have provided me with some entertainment every day for the next tens of thousands of years. Hahahaha.”


 “...” Mu Baimei opened his hand. He said solemnly, without shame or anger, “You are the direct disciple of the Snow Song Realm King, Mu Xuanyin.”


 Yun Che’s body froze on the spot while the faces of Emperor Nanlie and Han Kuan contorted, “What?”


 “Why do you say that, Island Master Mu!?” Han Kuan immediately asked.


 “...” Yun Che’s heart was palpitating. How did he recognize me? Unless...


 “The Snow Song Realm has two divine arts, one is the Ice Phoenix God Investiture Canon and the other is the Moon Splitting Cascade!” Mu Baimei solemnly continued, “The art executed wasn’t any normal movement skill, otherwise this king would have been able to lock down on his next location with my spirit sense. This means that what he executed was the Snow Song Realm’s divine art, Moon Splitting Cascade!”


 “The Ice Phoenix God Investiture Canon can be cultivated by all the highly ranked chosen disciples of the Divine Ice Phoenix Sect. Moon Splitting Cascade however, rumor has it that only the current Snow Song Realm King, Mu Xuanyin, has managed to master it. This king managed to see it once, and it shocked me greatly. It was an unforgettable sight. Him being able to execute Moon Splitting Cascade only means one thing, he’s received the personal tutelage of the Snow Song Realm King Mu Xuanyin!”


 The three ruling sects of the three sea worlds cultivated water attribute profound arts which had the same origins as ice attribute profound arts, and would thus be more familiar with them. The Eastern Divine Region’s strongest profound ice arts practitioner was Mu Xuanyin of the Snow Song Realm. The three of them would definitely know about Mu Xuanyin and the Snow Song Realm.


 “Hehehe, Old Man Mu, you must be mistaken. If he was the Snow Song Realm King’s direct disciple, why would he come running here all alone?” Emperor Nanlie asked, though his smile obviously showed a slight change. Being in the Divine Soul Realm and perfectly dodging an ambush of a Divine King was something he had neither seen nor heard of. It couldn’t be done with an ordinary movement skill.


 Yun Che was initially shocked, but he recovered and smiled. “Island Master Mu is indeed knowledgeable. That’s right, the Snow Song Realm King is indeed my master!”


 As he finished saying, a blue glow circulated around him, and an ice phoenix image flashed behind him, bringing along bone chilling cold energy that didn’t dissipate quickly.


 “The Ice Phoenix God Investiture Canon!”


 Emperor Nanlie and Han Kuan’s faces immediately changed. They had never seen Moon Splitting Cascade but how could they not recognize the Snow Song Realm’s Ice Phoenix God Investiture Canon?


 The Snow Song Realm was a middle star realm, something they couldn’t afford to offend. The current Realm King Mu Xuanyin was even stronger than some of the upper realm kings, and those were absolute ultimate existences. With regards to position in the Divine Realm, him being her direct disciple meant that his position wasn’t beneath any of the three lower star realm kings. In fact, he held some advantage over them.


 It took them a short while before they recovered from their shock. Their gazes started to slowly calm down. Emperor Nanlie immediately continued, “No wonder he has such big guts, he’s the personal disciple of the Snow Song Realm King. No wonder... No wonder...”


 “Since you now know, then I won’t waste any words.” Yun Che’s demeanour completely changed into one that was relaxed. “I’ll be taking this Immortal Emperor Grass with me. As for what just happened, I’ll also take it as nothing happened. I’m sure you guys agree?”


 “You want to leave? Hehehe, I’m afraid it won’t be that easy,” Mu Baimei coldly laughed.


 Yun Che squinted “What? You’re still thinking of snatching the Immortal Emperor Grass from me?”


 “No, no, no. This king never said anything about snatching your Immortal Emperor Grass.” Now that he had shed all pretenses, Mu Baimei’s current expression would shock anyone. “After all, we all had an agreement before. The Immortal Emperor Grass belongs to whoever finds it, no one else is to forcefully snatch it. This king is after all a Realm King, how could I break my word and be the subject of jokes?”


 “However, we never said anything about not killing you! As long as you’re dead, the Immortal Emperor Grass will become an ownerless item and we can easily and justifiably pick it up and take it away. That won’t betray the agreement, don’t you think?”


 Yun Che’s face darkened and he ridiculed, “I’ve indeed seen so many shameless old bastards, but someone as shameless and revolting as you is quite rare. Heh, you want to kill me? I forgot to tell you that my body has a soul imprint left on me by my master. As long as I’m dead, my master will immediately know and see all the images prior to my death.”


 “Since you already know how grand my master is, you should know her temper isn’t very good. When that time comes, not only you all but your families, sects, or even your entire star realms will be annihilated by the anger of my master. Do you really want to test her wrath?”


 “Hahahaha.” Mu Baimei didn’t show any surprise and laughed in return. Emperor Nanlie and Han Kuan both revealed laughter as well. Mu Baimei calmly walked toward Yun Che, “Ling Yun, this king has to admit that the current you at your age is indeed an outstanding figure, and it’s no wonder that the Snow Song Realm King would accept you as her direct disciple. Unfortunately, your experience is too shallow.”


 “If this place was any other place than this, this king would indeed not have the gall to make a move against you. Most likely I’d eventually be buried like you, but this place is an independant world within an independent world. Even if your master has left a hundred soul imprints on your consciousness, she will sense nothing after your death.”


 “Heh, such a pity.” Emperor Nanlie shook his head as if pitying and even feeling a little bit of sympathy. “At first, during the start of the conversation, I thought that perhaps you didn’t need to die... but revealing your identity means you definitely have to die!”


 “Hahaha.” Yun Che still laughed. “Mu Baimei, although you suddenly ambushed me with a lethal blow, I still don’t hold any grudge nor do I have an unspeakable hatred with you. You were given so much leeway to just back away but despite knowing my master’s prowess you still harbor venomous designs. Looks like you’ve steeled your heart to not leave a way out for yourself!


 He swept Emperor Nanlie and Han Kuan with a gaze, “The two of you as well.”


 “Don’t blame me for giving your names to my master herself when I leave this place!”


 “Leave this place? Go ahead.” Mu Baimei laughed and an invisible Divine King power locked onto the space where Yun Che was. “I want to see what ability you have to leave this place alive!”


 Yun Che lifted his palm, his hand holding a piece of grayish white profound stone. “Then you’d better not regret it!”


 “Hahahaha!” After looking at the profound stone in Yun Che’s hand, the three realm kings once again thought they were looking at a joke and laughed uproariously together, “You said you’re leaving just based on this dimensional stone? You’re really a big joke. Looks like your master has never taught you the spatial laws. Dimensional stones only have the ability to tunnel within a single plane of space. You trying to use this here, forget about escaping to the outside, you can’t even reach the Illusory Sea Ancient Realm layer. Even if you have tens of thousands of them on you, you can never leave this little world...”


 After Mu Baimei had finished speaking, his gaze flickered before shock spread across his face and he screamed, “A Void Illusion Stone!?”


 “What?” Mu Baimei’s sudden outburst jolted Emperor Nanlie and Han Kuan. Their eyes shot looks towards the gray profound stone in Yun Che’s hand. The higher the quality of the dimensional stone, the better ability it had to traverse a longer distance, but no matter how highly ranked a dimensional stone wais, it could not pierce through different layers of space.


 Although the Void Illusion stone was basically also a dimensional stone, its level was far beyond what any dimensional stone could compare to. Its ability to pierce through space was not restricted at all, as its existence embodied the highest of spatial laws.


 “It’s too late to regret now.” Yun Che laughed and lifted up the Void Illusion Stone.


 “Ah!” Mu Baimei roared. He retracted the energy locking onto Yun Che and immediately released his profound energy in an explosive manner, jumping straight towards Yun Che, an expression of extreme terror on his face.


 He had confirmed that the opposite party was the Snow Song Realm King’s direct disciple. If he escaped, based on the Snow Song Realm King’s power and her rumored icy and merciless temper, he would definitely perish once she learned about today’s events!


 Boom!!


 Amidst a thick explosion, Mu Baimei once again grasped air. In his hand was another quickly disappearing ice image. He let out a strange cry and shot out once more.


 After avoiding the explosion, Yun Che immediately prepared to direct his energy into the Void Illusion Stone. Although he wore a cold smile on his face, his heart heaved a sigh of relief.


 After leaving the Darkya Realm and entering into the Illusory Sea Ancient Realm, he never would have thought that he would need to use the Void Illusion Stone. He had to retrieve the Immortal Emperor Grass, and he had to leave alive. The former was difficult, the latter was exponentially more difficult.


 However, having a perfectly good Void Illusion Stone on him meant that he would be able to easily deal with anything might happen in the latter part of his plan. What he had to do was use everything he could to obtain the Immortal Emperor Grass. As long as the Immortal Emperor Grass fell into his hands, even if he was watched by thousands of eyes, he would definitely be able to leave safely.


 In the God Realm, when it came to price or rarity, the Void Illusion Stone vastly exceeded that of the Immortal Emperor Grass. Although he had no hesitation in using it, it was more or less a waste, and at the same time he wasn’t sure where the stone would transfer him to.


 But just as he was about to activate the rock, Yun Che suddenly felt emptiness within his palm. The Void Illusion Stone had suddenly disappeared, his profound energy that was about to be channeled into it dispersed into thin air.


 “!!!???” Yun Che’s face twisted in shock, and in front of him Mu Baimei was flying toward him will the full force of a Divine King. In about a moment, he was soon to be buried six feet under.


 Ding!


 A sudden soft and weak, yet soul piercing sound that was accompanied by a blue glow flashed in front of Mu Baimei. After hitting this blue glow, Mu Baimei’s explosive profound energy completely crumbled as if his entire person had hit an invisible wall. He was sent flying amidst his dull groan and landed heavily on the ground.


 This abrupt change startled both Emperor Nanlie and Han Kuan. Mu Baimei quickly stood up and bellowed, “Who goes there!?”


 After shouting, there was a sudden silence and he stood there, not making another sound. Both Emperor Nanlie and Han Kuan were a distance away and also motionless, as if they were encased in ice, their eyes darting all around.


 This initially springlike little world had suddenly turned uncomparably icy and frosty, every gentle wind seemed to be able to cut through and chill one’s bones.


 As if in a dream, a back figure suddenly appeared before Yun Che. She was dressed in a snowy robe without any ornaments, yet she possessed an indescribable charisma. Long hair flowing down to her waist, each icy blue strand seeming to be contain the magnificence of the purest ice in the world.


 Below those snowy sleeves were a beautiful pair of jadelike otherworldly hands which gently held onto the Void Illusion Stone that disappeared from Yun Che’s grasp.


 Her arrival had heralded an incredible frost, transforming the place into an ice world, bringing complete silence, stopping the wind, and causing the flowers and grass to cease their dance. The flora around her had already lost all color, having turned into crystalline ice flowers. The frost began to spread and the world seemed to turn into a singular color, becoming even more mesmerizing.


 “...” Looking slack jawed at the back figure in front of him, Yun Che’s line of vision turned hazy. At the same time, thousands of complex emotions flooded and roiled within his heart and soul. He couldn’t think, his mind was completely blank.


 After a long period of silence, Yun Che finally found his voice, only to sourly squeak out, “Ma..ster...”

