

Chapter 837 - Endless Infatuation

  

 “How are we gambling?” Xuanyuan Wentain asked without the slightest of hesitation.


 “Through... Devil Wheel Blood Sacrifice!”


 “Devil Wheel Blood Sacrifice?”


 “Just like the Devil Blood Reincarnation technique that was cast on Fen Juechen a thousand years ago, Devil Wheel Blood Sacrifice is a forbidden technique unique to my Eternal Night Devil Clan,” the devil soul residing in the sword said in earnest. “This Eternal Night forbidden technique converts a mortal soul into dark blood and then when taken into a devil body, one could obtain the entirety of the soul’s vitality and strength... Listen clearly, to the entirety!”


 “...!” The light in Xuanyuan Wentian’s eyes stirred greatly, as he said in low tone, “In other words, it directly takes over the entirety of a person’s life and level of cultivation? Without any consequences!? There’s actually such a terrifying forbidden art in this world?”


 “That’s right! How could a mere mortal like you understand the incredible power my Eternal Night Devil Clan possesses?” The devil soul within the sword said imperiously. “But, this forbidden art can only be used on the souls of mortals. It’s completely ineffective on living creatures with the powers of gods and devils. The young devils of my Eternal Night Devil Clan would occasionally use this forbidden technique to devour mortal souls and increase their strength. To mature devils, the powers within mortal souls are unbearably measly. Furthermore, the blood of mortal souls are usually accompanied with taint and filth, so they basically deride the use of this technique. But in regards to Fen Juechen, using ‘Devil Wheel Blood Sacrifice’ will allow his strength to rise explosively!”


 With Xuanyuan Wentian’s level of intellect, he instantly understood the intentions of devil soul within the sword. “You’re saying... allow Fen Juechen to devour me with “Devil Wheel Blood Sacrifice”?”


 “That’s right!” The devil soul within the sword said with a dark tone. “Then, your material body will completely disappear. Your life and level of cultivation will be completely held by Fen Juechen! You have already personally seen the power Fen Juechen currently possesses. If your two powers merge, on this plane, who else can be your opponent? And this is far from a simple one plus one, once your two powers merge, it will definitely lead to a qualitative change to your powers, immediately allowing you to step into the divine way you have been dreaming of all these years... Remember, it’s not a possibility but certainty!”


 Xuanyuan Wentian: “...”


 “Not to mention, the devil blood in Fen Juechen’s body has merely undergone preliminary awakening and is far from reaching its limits. It will take another half a year before it completely awakens. You will already become invincible after your two powers merge but with every day leading up to half a year, your strength will still continue to rise explosively. In a few short months, it will rise to a realm which you would never have dared to dream of in the past—a realm which currently, you’re basically unable to comprehend!!”


 In Xuanyuan Wentian’s eyes, a glow that was blazing to the extent of madness was suddenly released. However, his voice was still light and calm. “Honored Devil Lord, have you not missed out the most important part?”


 “Heh heh heh.” The devil soul within the sword laughed sinisterly. “With your intellect, you should have roughly guessed that the part I haven’t brought up is also the most important part... That’s right! ‘Devil Wheel Blood Sacrifice’ will devour one’s life and strength but it will also take in one’s soul at the same time! Compared to the souls of devil gods, souls of mortals are like the fireflies flying in front of the seas that can be obliterated easily. But the situation between you and Fen Juechen is completely different! Fen Juechen possesses a frail devil physique and devil soul. Since you possess the physique of a mortal, he can use ‘Devil Wheel Blood Sacrifice’ on you but the power of your soul far surpasses that of Fen Juechen!”


 “With Fen Juechen’s devil physique, casting ‘Devil Wheel Blood Sacrifice’ will take in your life and strength. Your body, its flesh and blood, will completely disappear and at the same time your soul will enter Fen Juechen’s body as well. What happens after that is very simple. Since the strength of your soul far surpasses Fen Juechen’s, you can easily obliterate his soul in turn, becoming the new owner of his body. From then on, you will completely possess his devil physique which already had its devil blood awakened and the power of my devil soul will also be wielded by you!”


 “...” Xuanyuan Wentian turned silent. Then, he lightly snorted. “I see.”


 “So, it depends on whether you’re willing to let go of your own material body! And more importantly, it depends on whether you dare to make such a gamble! If successful, you will immediately step into the divine way you dream of and from then on become invincible on these lands, to the extent of possessing unprecedented strength on this plane! But if it fails... not only will you lose your material body, your soul will scatter as well!”


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s eyes slowly narrowed, as he spoke with a low voice. “The devil blood in Fen Juechen’s body has only been awakened for a few dozen days, calling it a ‘devil physique’ is a little too much of an overstatement as well. Are you certain that his ‘devil physique’ can activate that forbidden technique?”


 “Heh, of course.” The devil soul in the sword said with disdain. “Though Devil Wheel Blood Sacrifice is a forbidden technique, it’s basically a lowly measure only young devils would use. The reason why it’s labeled a ‘forbidden technique’ is merely because it is conducted through the devouring of a mortal’s soul and body. If used excessively, it will easily evoke a punishment by the laws of heaven. With my present soul power, I’m at least ninety percent confident of using his devil physique to cast Devil Wheel Blood Sacrifice once.”


 “Then, what’s the ‘if’ that would lead to my soul being scattered?” Xuanyuan Wentian asked.


 “Very simple. That’s when Fen Juechen’s soul suppresses your own instead. The end result? You will not be the owner of the devil physique which would take in all of your strength, instead, Fen Juechen will obtain everything! While you, no matter if it’s your body or soul, it will completely disappear from the face of this world. Huhuhuhu...”


 The final laughter made by the devil soul in the sword, sounded like a form of mockery.


 “Hahahahaha!” Xuanyuan Wentian laughed out loud. “The soul of I, Xuanyuan Wentian, has endured a total of two thousand years of tempering, a mere Fen Juechen capable of scattering my soul? That’s simply a joke as huge as the heavens.”


 His words suddenly ceased. Then, with an irregularly calm voice, he said. “Ever since I found out the existence of the divine way, seeking the divine way had always been my lifetime wish. Now that it’s right before my eyes, even if the danger is increased a millionfold, I will not even make a frown either... Now, let’s begin then! In the face of absolute power, what’s the point of having a material body?”


 “Huhuhuhu, very good. As expected, you did not disappoint me. A residual soul like me can only live on within this sword. I am never able to exist on my own and can only depend on others. Though you are a human, with your mad infatuation for power, you have the qualifications to be my wielder!”


 The devil soul within the sword said in a cold voice, “Devil Wheel Blood Sacrifice can begin at any time but during this process, you must ensure that Fen Juechen stays unconscious. If he is conscious, I will be completely controlled by him and it will definitely be impossible for me to ignite the power of his devil blood... hss... he’s... he’s... awake...”


 The voice of the devil soul in the sword suddenly weakened and then it completely disappeared.


 Below, Fen Juechen who had blood flowing out from all his seven orifices suddenly opened his eyes. Then, he flipped and stood up... However, his body was pierced through by several hundred blades of sword energy and was severely injured. Before he could even stably stand, he heavily knelt onto the ground and his entire body was trembling from the pain.


 “Xuan... yuan... Wen... tian...” Fen Juechen raised his bloodstained eyes, staring straight at Xuanyuan Wentian in the sky. His words were filled with unimaginable hatred.


 He stretched out his hand and a ray of black light flashed. The Heavenly Sin Divine Sword made a screeching sound as it flew out of Xuanyuan Wentian’s hands. In an instant, it returned next to Fen Juechen, piercing into the pitch-black earth.


 Xuanyuan Wentian did not make any move to stop it. Descending from the sky, he landed in front of Fen Juechen. With a smile on his face, he said with considerable admiration. “After being struck by my Sword of No Return, not only did you not die, you even woke up so quickly. Should I applaud you for your incredible willpower or should I praise your devil physique for being as extraordinary as I expected?”


 “You...” Fen Juechen gnashed his teeth, a stream of black scarlet blood flowed out from the corner of his lips.


 Naturally, Xuanyuan Wentian did not mind his demon-like ferocious gaze. He spoke with a grin, “A thousand years ago, Ye Mufeng whose strength suddenly increased exponentially gave me quite a fright, but what I felt more was excitement and surprise. I never expected that a thousand years later, his son would actually give me an even greater surprise! Though you wish to kill me, do you know how I feel so grateful towards you? Fen Juechen... Ah no, I should probably call you...”


 “Ye Huang!”


 “Uuu...” As though Fen Juechen was struck by lightning, his eyes widened all the way in an instant.


 “Heheh. Don’t look so surprised. I have long since told you that the things I know far surpasses your imagination. Furthermore, the things I know are far more than what you know.”


 Xuanyuan Wentian opened his hands and raised his head towards the sky above as he used his body to feel the world in an intoxicated manner... because he would soon abandon this body... “It’s still a little early and this body of mine has accompanied me for more than two thousand years after all. During this moment of departure, let me tell you an interesting story.”


 “Almost ten thousand years ago, a person accidentally picked up a pitch-black sword. There was a layer of immensely powerful seals placed on the sword and within the sword, a frail soul was locked away. This soul was sealed for too many years. He yearned for freedom but with its own strength, not only could it not escape the seal, it would instead be completely devoured by the seal itself. In order to survive, it did not hesitate to put down its pride. It begged the person who picked up the sword and took the initiative to bestow him its only drop of devil blood and a part of its powerful profound art. He only wished that the person could remove the seal on the sword.”


 “Hss...” Fen Juechen was gasping heavily.


 “The person who picked up the sword accepted his request and absorbed that drop of devil blood. He cultivated in that profound art and obtained incredible power. However, immediately after, he sensed that his own personality had been affected and thus stopped his cultivation. Furthermore, he used an immensely long time to cultivate a bloodline seal, forcefully sealing his devil blood. Even his descendants who inherited his bloodline, especially those of direct descent, would be planted with such a bloodline seal at birth.”


 “Though without the support of the devil blood, that profound art was still incomparably powerful. Relying on that profound art, the former unknown clan quickly rose into power and they soon became one of the most powerful forces in the way of the profound in the entire continent. They were titled the ‘Eternal Night Royal Family’ and that profound art was the ‘Eternal Night Illusory God Record’, renown to the entire continent back then... Ah no, it’s true name should be... Illusory Devil Tome of Eternal Night!”


 Fen Juechen’s bitter expression changed time and time again and his pair of pupils shrank intensely from Xuanyuan Wentian’s words... These were clearly things that he had found out only after obtaining Ye Mufeng’s residual soul. They were also absolute secrets that only descendants of the clan master’s bloodline knew of. How exactly did Xuanyuan Wentian know...


 Xuanyuan Wentian placed his hands behind his back and said in a self serving manner, “As for that sword... the Eternal Night Royal Family depended on the profound art bestowed by the sword to rise in power but they had completely gone against their initial promise. Not only did they not release it from the seal, they instead added several dozens of powerful seals onto it. They even locked it within a pool of fire, labelling that place as the greatest forbidden ground of the entire clan and not a single person was allowed to approach it... Heheh, if not for the bestowal from the sword, who in the world would know how ungrateful and shameless the Eternal Night Royal Family really was?”


 “Such a despicable family is basically the shame of the way of the profound. Thus, this sword master delivered justice in place of the heavens, allowing this so-called Eternal Night Royal Family to disappear completely from this world. Huu...” Xuanyuan Wentian lightly exhaled and silently smiled.


 “Xuanyuan Wentian...” Fen Juechen’s eyes were dyed with blood and his teeth were at the verge of breaking. “The one who is the most despicable in this world, is you...”


 “Don’t be so agitated now.” Xuanyuan Wentian still carried that grinning expression of his. “The disappearance of Eternal Night Royal Family was not the end, rather, it was merely the beginning. Aren’t you curious why I knew of all this? Why am I aware of the power in your body? Also, why am I aware of your other name... heh.”


 “After exterminating the Eternal Night Royal Family, I found a random opportunity and easily managed to obtain the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword. Thereafter, I released some of the several seals placed on it. The devil soul in the sword told me everything and told me all of its secrets. It told me a devil soul could awaken one’s devil blood and once all of its seals are released, the dying devil soul will be able to gradually recover through devil blood. With the convergence of devil blood and devil soul, it will give birth to a power that can never be comprehended on this plane.”


 “But regarding all these truths, I found out about them too late. The Eternal Night Royal Family was already exterminated and what’s left of Ye Mufeng was merely a strange, unextinguishable soul. There was no longer anyone else who carried devil blood... However, the devil soul within the sword told me something. Ye Mufeng still had a son named Ye Huang who had died a miserable death during the extermination. In order to save his son, Ye Jianxi, an Eternal Night descendant, did not hesitate to go against her ancestor’s strict teachings and activated a forbidden technique within the ‘Illusory Devil Tome of Eternal Night’. It forcefully imprisoned Ye Huang’s soul which was soon about to disperse, along with all of his essence blood. Using twenty percent of Ye Mufeng’s soul as a guide, she then activated a forbidden reincarnation technique that violated the laws of heaven, allowing Ye Huang’s soul and blood essence to be long lasting and he would be able to borrow a body to reincarnate into when given a unique opportunity... Heh heh, as expected of a power at the level of devils. It’s really incredible. If not for hearing it with my own ears and seeing it with my own eyes, even if it was me, I would never believe that such a heaven-bending technique would actually exist in this world.”


 “You...!!” Fen Juechen’s body was ice cold, the flow of his blood felt as though it had been sealed by ice... He was unable to believe that Xuanyuan Wentian was actually aware of these either!


 What exactly was going on?


 At this moment, he already had a very bad premonition. This entire time, he had thought that he had always been extremely secretive. Even he was unable to accept the fact that he had actually been watched by this scary pair of eyes this entire time...


 “Heh, it’s truly a beautiful work of fate. Ye Mufeng and Ye Jianxi wanted to leave behind a hint of their bloodline after the extermination of their Eternal Night Royal Family but they had also left behind their final hint of devil blood for this sword master! In these thousand years, through the guidance of the devil soul within the sword, I would often pay attention to the movements of the devil blood caused by the forbidden reincarnation technique... Until twenty odd years ago, the final hint of devil blood finally found an opportunity and reincarnated by borrowing a body in a sect called Burning Heaven Clan in the Blue Wind Empire, thus becoming the third son of the clan master...”


 “Sss!!” Fen Juechen’s pupils were already on the verge of erupting. Xuanyuan Wentian’s every sentence and every word, sounded as though they had come from the abyss, causing him to feel an unprecedented sense of dread.
N0v3lTr0ve served as the original host for this chapter's release on N0v3l--B1n.

 “I soon made all of the proper arrangements as well.” Xuanyuan looked down and faintly stated, “Do you know why Ye Mufeng’s residual soul was placed at that place in Black Fiend Nation? Because that place has the heaviest yin energy in the entire Profound Sky Continent. Adding that he was sealed in a soul coffin, it was guaranteed that Ye Mufeng’s residual soul would not disperse even after a thousand years. Then do you know why your grandfather Fen Yijue had that key in his hands? Heh, that was something I passed to him personally and I had even personally planted a soul suggestion into him.”


 “Speaking of it, I initially planned to exterminate the entire Burning Heaven Clan three years ago and leave you as the sole survivor. Then, I would have had you take the key from Fen Yijue while driven by hatred and thoughts of vengeance and thereafter look for Ye Mufeng. However, I never expected that halfway through the operation, Yun Che came slaughtering his way here, causing everything to occur prematurely. But fortunately, he massacred the entire Burning Heaven Clan but left you alive in the end. Though there were some slight time deviations, no matter the process or result, there weren’t any detrimental effects, the plan was still as perfect and flawless. After that, you successfully found Ye Mufeng and awakened the memories belonging to Ye Huang. Unexpectedly, you even received a part of Ye Mufeng’s strength. After that, what you wished the most, was definitely to retrieve the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword. Because only the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword is able to release the devil blood seal placed within your bloodline, allowing your strength to increase exponentially like Ye Mufeng a thousand years ago. You will then take your vengeance thereafter... and this, is also what I wished to happen.”


 “With ‘secrets of the Divine Profound’ as bait, I gathered all of the supreme experts of the Profound Sky Continent and conducted the Devil Sword Conference. Its goal was to release the final seal placed on the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword. The Devil Sword Conference was completely successful and what had to be done after that, was to have you obtain the completely unsealed Heavenly Sin Divine Sword. Because the first thing that you would do after obtaining the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword would definitely be to awaken your devil blood! Furthermore, after being released from the seal, the devil soul within the sword could also gradually recover through your devil blood. After recovering a sufficient amount of devil soul energy, it would then be able to forcefully seize back your devil blood and then bestow it upon my body, allowing me to obtain both the devil blood and devil soul, allowing me to possess a peerless strength... Though that red demoness messed everything up, out of all things, she aided in handing over the unsealed Heavenly Sin Divine Sword into your hands. Hahahaha, these are definitely the rewards the heavens gave me for my thousand years of perseverance,” Xuanyuan Wentian laughed out loud.


 Bang!


 Fen Juechen’s fist heavily struck onto the ground. His entire body was trembling and his body was drenched with sweat, looking as though he was completely exhausted.


 Ever since the extermination of Burning Heaven Clan, only the word “vengeance” remained in his world. For vengeance, he took the black key which Fen Yijue handed to him on the verge of death, all the way to the Land of Death in Black Fiend Nation after experiencing countless life-threatening dangers... For vengeance, he desperately absorbed the power that had converged within Ye Mufeng’s devil origin, even if he had to experience a hell-like pain due to the the repulsion between soul origins... For vengeance, he risked his life and headed to Supreme Ocean Palace alone... For vengeance, he wanted to awaken the devil blood in his body with the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword, even if he clearly knew it would twist his will and personality...


 On this day, he found out that his own experiences, all the hatred he endured, all the pain, all the hard work, were actually all calculated and arranged by someone else!!


 And that person, was even the culprit behind the extermination of his Eternal Night Royal Family, the culprit behind all of his tragedies... The person he hated and wanted to kill the most in this lifetime.


 In order to kill him, he sacrificed everything. In the end, he was merely following his arrangements a step at a time, allowing his ambitions to take root.


 This pain and this sense of powerlessness was indescribable.


 “Why... Why have you... done all this?” Fen Juechen’s entire mental world was at the verge of collapse and the voice he made sounded as hoarse as scratching sandpaper.


 “Heh,” Xuanyuan Wentian lightly laughed. “Naturally, it’s for that one thing that I have been chasing after this entire time.”


 “One thousand and two hundred years ago, when I inherited the position of Sword Master of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region, my cultivation had already reached the peak of the Sovereign Profound. However, after that, no matter how much hard work I put in, I was unable to break through the limit of the Sovereign Profound Realm, as though I was being locked in a cage that could never be opened. I had once believed that it was already the limit of human strength and I was already the highest of existence among humans. At last, I discovered the existence of the ‘Realm of the Gods’ in an ancient record. I then found out that the strength a human possessed can indeed break through the limit of the Sovereign Profound Realm, reaching the ‘divine way’ stated in legends. Thus, I began to search for all the possible opportunities... The incredibly strange ‘Heavenly Sin Divine Sword’ that was possessed by the Eternal Night Royal Family, was one of these opportunities.”


 Fen Juechen opened his eyes wide and he said with a quivering voice, “Just for the sake of chasing after power of an even higher plane, just for the sake of a possible opportunity, you were actually so vicious and unhesitantly exterminated an innocent family... you actually... actually...”


 “Is there a problem?” Xuanyuan Wentian shrugged and his expression showed that it was a natural thing to do. “The only thing in my life that never changed is my pursuit for even greater power. For this goal, I can sacrifice everything and use all the means possible. As long as it’s something that allows me to wield even greater power, everything can be my stepping stone. This is also why I, Xuanyuan Wentian, have all the achievements I have made up to today!”


 “A thousand years ago, Ye Mufeng’s sudden explosive rise in strength gave me endless surprise. Because I clearly witnessed his power which surpassed the limits of the Sovereign Profound Realm, I clearly witnessed that opportunity! Thus, this entire thousand years, I have been spending time and effort in this. Nineteen days ago, I witnessed that red demonic girl’s power... I had once seen myself as someone who had reached the peak and had possessed peerless strength but in front of her, I was just trash who was unbearable to look at. Do you know how I felt back then? Fear... surprise... humiliation... but what I felt the most was yearning and excitement! Because Ye Mufeng’s strength is still far from being the actual limit, there is still an even higher level of power waiting for me... a power that others are capable of wielding, there’s no reason for I, Xuanyuan Wentian, to not wield it as well!!”


 “And today, is where I will take the first step towards a higher plane!”


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s incomparably infatuated pursuit towards the way of the profound, was something known to everyone in the Four Great Sacred Grounds.


 But no one knew that he was actually infatuated to such an extent.

