

Chapter 803 - Fully Exposed

  

 “What is your name?” Xuanyuan Wentian asked as he began his personal interrogation.


 “Xiao... Yun.” Xiao Yun replied woodenly.


 “Was your family name Yun in the past?”


 "Yes..."


 “Then what is the name of your father?”


 “Xiao... Ying.”


 “No, no, no.” Xuanyuan Wentian said with a bland smile, “What I am asking is this. Who was the father who raised you for the past twenty odd years?”


 “Yun... Qinghong.” The controlled Xiao Yun answered robotically.


 “Ah...” The name Yun Qinghong caused a stir among the people from the Four Great Sacred Grounds.


 “Oh? So is it that Yun Qinghong? Is he the current Patriarch of the Yun Family, one of the Twelve Guardian Families of the Illusory Demon Realm?” Xuanyuan Wentian continued.


 Xiao Yun answered in that wooden tone yet again, “Yes.”


 “To think that he was really the son of that demon Yun Qinghong!” Sun Moon Divine Hall’s Divine Envoy Star Banisher exclaimed in shock. From his expression, it was clear that he had been one of the participants in the battle against the forces of the Illusory Demon Realm and it was likely that he had also participated in the pursuit of Yun Qinghong and his wife.


 “This old man still doesn’t understand a few things.” Zi Ji spoke up as he slowly began to speak, “Sword Master Xuanyuan said that Yun Qinghong and his wife left their son behind in the Profound Sky Continent before they returned to the Illusory Demon Realm. But when you asked this child that question, he said that Yun Qinghong was the one who had raised him for over twenty years. These two facts run counter to one another. Furthermore, when Sword Master Xuanyuan asked him who his father was the first time, he did not reply with the name Yun Qinghong. So it stands to reason that this child is indeed from the Illusory Demon Realm but he is not truly Yun Qinghong’s son, instead... he is a foster child?”


 “Hohoho, Mister Zi truly lives up to his reputation. You’ve hit the nail on the head. This person is indeed not the true son of Yun Qinghong. He is a foster child that was raised by Yun Qinghong and his wife and they have treated him as their very own flesh and blood. As for their true son...” Xuanyuan Wentian turned to Xiao Yun once more, “He knows the identity of this person.”


 “Bastard...” Rivulets of blood had started streaming down Xia Yuanba’s tightly clenched fists, “We can’t allow him to continue this interrogation. Or else...”


 Yun Che lightly patted him on the shoulder, “Let him ask the question. Given the current situation, we can’t change anything. There is only one good thing that can be taken from this entire mess and that is the fact that Xuanyuan Wentian sought out the Toxin Immortal so he could manipulate Xiao Yun and he did not search his soul or use any other methods that would have caused him serious injury. If we can rescue him, I’ll be able to get him up on his feet in a jiffy. This is also a great comfort to us in these dire times.”


 Even though Xia Yuanba’s eyes were bulging so much that they threatened to fracture his eye sockets, he did not truly consider lashing out. He knew full well that even though his strength had grown explosively compared to last time, the person who stood beside Xiao Yun was Xuanyuan Wentian! Moreover, all of the experts of the Four Great Sacred Grounds were surrounding them right now. Even if there were ten of him, he would not be able to change anything.


 Over at where the Divine Phoenix Sect was located, Feng Xue’er tightly clutched her skirt with both her hands. Her tightly pursed lips were pale and white.


 “Xue’er, what’s wrong?” Feng Zukui glanced to the side and asked after he felt her aura become disordered.


 Feng Xue’er did not reply... She had already received Yun Che’s sound transmissions multiple times, warning her not to speak out for him and to draw a clear line between the both of them. The reasoning he gave was the same reasoning he had used on Xia Yuanba.


 “When you think about it, his identity is quite shocking and strange. Even I was shocked when I first found out all the details.” Xuanyuan Wentian said in an unhurried manner, “Twenty three years ago, my Mighty Heavenly Sword Region had chased Yun Qinghong and his wife all the way to the eastern part of the Blue Wind Nation. At that time, they had been severely wounded and afflicted by a deadly poison. They were also carrying their newborn baby with them. Coupled with the fact that they were unfamiliar with the lay of the land, it was only reasonable to think that they were at the end of their tether. But for some odd reason, they actually disappeared after that and we were unable to find them.”


 “After that, we found out by chance that Yun Qinghong and his wife had come into contact with a person called Xiao Ying from Floating Cloud City. When we interrogated him, he denied everything and refused to divulge any information to us. So in a fit of rage, our inquisitor killed him with a single blow.” Xuanyuan Wentian said as he gave a rueful sigh, “However, what we didn’t know at that time was that Xiao Ying had become great friends with Yun Qinghong three years prior! They had even become sworn brothers! He was the reason behind the sudden disappearance of Yun Qinghong and his wife. He had hidden them in an extremely remote mountain that outsiders would not be able to find! In fact, because he was worried that tragedy might still befall Yun Qinghong in the end and he would have no one to continue his family line, he even secretly swapped his own child with that of Yun Qinghong’s!!”


 “To... think that such a thing actually happened?”


 “After that, the forbidden spatial artifact that Yun Qinghong and his wife used recovered its power, allowing them to escape back to the Illusory Demon Realm... and they naturally brought Xiao Ying’s son along with them. As for their own child, he was naturally left with Xiao Ying. He remained in Floating Cloud City and was given the Xiao surname as well!”


 “Hmph! It was a pity that my Mighty Heavenly Sword Region thought that he was merely being a stubborn and ignorant fool, so we ended up killing him! Who would have thought that Xiao Ying, as a person from the Profound Sky Continent, would actually go to such lengths to save a demon from the Illusory Demon Realm! If not for him, Yun Qinghong and his wife would have long ago fallen into our hands. This Xiao Ying is simply a most detestable sinner, someone that our Profound Sky Continent cannot forgive! If we had known these facts earlier, we would have terminated his family line!” Xuanyuan Wentian said in a cold voice.


 Once Xuanyuan Wentian had said all of that, even the dullest tool in the shed would know that this Xiao Yun who was being controlled was the child who had followed Yun Qinghong and his wife back to the Illusory Demon Realm. Thus, he was Xiao Ying’s true son! And as for the true child of Yun Qinghong who was left behind in Floating Cloud City, his identity was astonishingly...


 “Sword Master Xuanyuan, the demon child that Xiao Ying swapped his son with and kept in Floating Cloud City. Could he be...” Ye Meixie said as his eyes darted towards the silent Yun Che.


 “Heh.” Xuanyuan Wentian gave a bland laugh before turning to Xiao Yun once more, “Xiao Yun, were the words that I have spoken true?”


 “...” Xiao Yun woodenly nodded his head.


 “Then, can you tell me and all of the profound practitioners of the Profound Sky Continent who are gathered here today just one thing? What is the name of the true son of Yun Qinghong and Mu Yurou?” Xuanyuan Wentian asked unhurriedly. It was clear from his expression that he derived immeasurable joy from being the person who would expose everything.


 Xiao Yun mumbled a name, “Yun... Che...”


 WHOAAA——


 Even though everyone had guessed the answer already, the moment they heard Xiao Yun utter that name, the entire crowd went into an uproar. All of their eyes immediately swivelled to focus on Yun Che.


 “Everyone, please keep calm.” Xuanyuan Wentian gave a bland smile as he raised his hand, “As we know, words are nothing without evidence. Even though Xiao Yun is under the influence of the Soul Stealing Parasite and he is unable to lie, just based on my words and his, I believe that there are still many people who are unwilling or cannot bring themselves to believe that the Yun Che, who is known as one of the three great geniuses of the young generation, is actually the spawn of a demon. Furthermore, for those of us who have some knowledge of the Illusory Demon Realm’s Yun Family, we will know that the Yun Family possesses a special bloodline profound art. It is known was the ‘Profound Handle’. This ‘Profound Handle’ is unique to the Yun Family and only the father can pass it down. It is an absolutely unique and one-of-a-kind ability and it is an ability that no one can imitate either. This is something that my compatriots from the Sacred Grounds definitely know and it is something that many of you from the Seven Nations would know as well.”


 More than seventy percent of the crowd silently nodded their heads.


 “Then as long as we can prove that Yun Che possesses the power of the Profound Handle, then we can definitively prove that he is a member of the Illusory Demon Realm’s Yun Family. It would be the most conclusive and irrefutable piece of evidence!” Xuanyuan Wentian’s tone abruptly changed, “Guxing, control his left arm and force out his Profound Handle!”


 “Yes!” Xuanyuan Guxing shouted as he gave Yun Che a cold smile and prepared to rush towards him.


 “There is no need.” Yun Che said in a bland voice. After that he slowly stood up and began to move forward. Xia Yuanba unconsciously tried to extend a hand to grab him but before his arm was even half-extended, he forced himself to draw his hand back as all of the bones in his body making cracking and popping sounds.


 Yun Che’s body floated downwards and he came to rest in the very center of the Sea God Arena. He stood merely twenty steps distant from Xuanyuan Wentian as he raised his left hand and activated his Profound Handle with a stony and emotionless expression on his face.


 Immediately, Yun Che’s arm flashed with an orange light as an orange-colored Profound Handle flew out and returned after an instant.


 “Profo... Profound Handle!!” Many people who were from the Four Great Sacred Grounds and the Divine Phoenix Sect cried out in shock.


 “That’s right, that is a Profound Handle! Nothing in the word is like it! To think that Yun Che was really someone from the Illusory Demon Realm!”


 “How... how could this be. Yun Che is actually a...” Most of the others had only been shocked but Feng Hengkong found himself at a complete loss. He looked at Feng Xue’er’s expression and spoke in a quavery voice, “Xue’er, this fact... Could it be that you have already long since known about it?”


 “...” Feng Xue’er bit down on her lips, not uttering a single word.


 “Oh?” Xuanyuan Wentian said with a bemused expression on his face, “To think you would actually confess to it yourself. This is simply splendid. It has also saved this sword master from exerting too much energy.”


 “Why wouldn’t I admit it?” Yun Che asked he stared icily at Xuanyuan Wentian, “Even though I grew up in the Profound Sky Continent, my roots are from the Illusory Demon Realm’s Yun Family! Yun Qinghong is my father by blood and Mu Yurou is my mother by blood! What are you going to do about it, Sword Master Xuanyuan!?”


 “You are a demon of the Illusory Demon Realm and Yun Qinghong’s son to boot! So how can we allow you to keep living in the Profound Sky Continent!” Xuanyuan Guxing shouted harshly, “Our Profound Sky Continent and the Illusory Demon Realm are like fire and water, we cannot mix! It would have been fine if we did not know of your origins but since we have found out, our Mighty Heavenly Sword Region will not tolerate you! And the Profound Sky Continent will definitely not tolerate you either!”


 The moment Yun Che’s identity was exposed, everyone knew that he definitely become an enemy of the entire Profound Sky Continent! Because the Illusory Demon Realm was a land of demons and devils to the people of the Profound Sky Continent! So how could the Profound Sky Continent welcome a demon from the Illusory Demon Realms!?


 What’s more, Yun Che’s name had long ago spread throughout the entire Profound Sky Continent and his identity was not that of an ordinary demon. He was the son of the patriarch of the Illusory Demon Realm’s Yun Family!


 At this moment, Spiritual Master Ancient Blue stood up and gave a sigh before he spoke, “Yun Che’s true identity is indeed something that has shocked and alarmed us all. But this old man has something to say.”


 “Oh? Please do continue, Spiritual Master Ancient Blue.” Xuanyuan Wentian said with a faint smile.


 Spiritual Master Ancient Blue continued in a soft voice, “Ah, the fact that Yun Che is the son of the Illusory Demon Realm’s Yun Qinghong is something that has greatly shocked this old one as well. However, even though Yun Che is a son of the Yun Family, he was born and bred in this Profound Sky Continent and even to this day, he stands upon the ground of our Profound Sky Continent. So even though the blood of the Illusory Demon Realm flows through him, in actual fact, he is a son of our Profound Sky Continent.”


 “This old one has had the chance to meet Yun Che several times and by this old man’s reckoning, I believe that this child Yun Che is an honest and upright man. Even though he can be rather extreme in word and action, he is not an evil person and in actuality, he is a rather kind and good person at that. When my little disciple Yuanba’s life was in danger all those years ago, it was Yun Che who used his very life to save him. When the Divine Phoenix Nation’s Princess Snow met with danger in the Primordial Profound Ark, it was once again Yun Che who put his life on the line for her. When the Profound Sky Continent’s Blue Wind Nation was in the midst of a nation-wide disaster, it was Yun Che who dove in and single-handedly rescued his nation from this deadly crisis. All of these things are enough to earn him praise for ten thousand generations and I am sure that everyone present today are aware of these facts as well.”


 “Spiritual Master Ancient Blue, what are you trying to say?” A faint smile still adorned Xuanyuan Wentian’s face.
Ñ00v€l--ß1n hosted the premiere release of this chapter.

 “What this old man means is this: Even though this child Yun Che is of the Illusory Demon Realm, he is not a wicked person. Moreover, he has never done anything that has ever threatened the security of our Profound Sky Continent. On the contrary, he has done much good here and even though he is so young, his fame echoes throughout the land. He should be called a son of the Profound Sky Continent, even down to his very bones. Therefore, even if he possesses the bloodline of a demon of the Illusory Demon Realm, we should be generous and lenient instead. If not, wouldn’t you say that we, the Sacred Grounds, would be far too narrow-minded and petty, being unable to distinguish right from wrong?”


 Yun Che gave Spiritual Master Ancient Blue a grateful look. Even after it was revealed that he was Yun Qinghong’s son, he was still willing to speak up on his behalf. Spiritual Master Ancient Blue could indeed to be said to be a virtuous and benevolent man... Though of course, Spiritual Master Ancient Blue had not done it for his sake, he was doing it for Xia Yuanba.


 “Hohoho, Spiritual Master Ancient Blue is indeed a kind and benevolent person. It is truly admirable.” Xuanyuan Wentian said with a dry chuckle, “I am also in full agreement with what you have said as well. It is just that the secrets that this child Yun Che is hiding are far more complex than merely being the son of Yun Qinghong. If not, why would this sword master need to personally reveal it all before the eyes of the gathered heroes of the realm?”


 “Oh?” Spiritual Master Ancient Blue’s eyebrows faintly twitched, but he let out a great sigh in his heart. It was just as Xuanyuan Wentian had said, if it was truly such a simple matter, then why would he, as Sword Master Xuanyuan, need to personally stage such an elaborate show for them all...


 Xuanyuan Wentian started moving forward as he walked towards Yun Che at a leisurely pace. “Spiritual Master Ancient Blue and the rest of my friends who are gathered here today, none of you will be able to even imagine what kind of status the young man in front of you holds in the Illusory Demon Realm.”


 “The current emperor of the Illusory Demon Realm is a woman and she is known as the Little Demon Empress.” Xuanyuan Wentian stood in front of Yun Che as he glanced at him, “Because the Little Demon Emperor who succeeded the throne had died one hundred years ago, the Little Demon Empress took his place as the ruler of the Illusory Demon Realm and she was also the last person alive bearing the bloodline of the Illusory Demon Imperial Family. However, just barely over seven months ago, the Little Demon Empress took a new husband after grieving for the Little Demon Emperor for one hundred years. Her marriage took place in Demon Imperial City and it was an affair that shook the entire Illusory Demon Realm, becoming the grandest event that had happened in the Illusory Demon Realm for the past hundred years.”


 “After that event, besides the Little Demon Empress, the Illusory Demon Realm gained a second Demon Emperor who is of equal status to her and also commands the realm. And this person is none other than the person standing before you right now... Yun Che!!”


 “Wha... Whaaaaat!!!?”


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s words exploded like a thunderclap in Supreme Ocean Palace. This time everyone from the Profound Sky Seven Nations and the Four Great Sacred Grounds went pale with shock. Even the other three Sacred Masters, Huangji Wuyu, Qu Fengyi and Ye Meixie reacted the same way.


 Xia Yuanba and Feng Xue’er were among this crowd as well... Because even they did not know of this secret.


 This Chapter’s Teaser

