

Chapter 939 - Farewell

  

 “...” Mu Bingyun turned around, her pure eyes looked at him once more. “That’s it?”


 Those two soft words instantly cleared all the nervousness in Yun Che’s heart and replaced it with endless joy. He hurried replied, “Yes! That’s it! I only have that one request! At my current strength, I am not able to go to your world and I don’t know how long I need to wait before I possess enough strength but I have a reason to absolutely must go there within a short period of time. So... if you are willing to bring me to the God Realm, I will definitely spare no effort during this month!”


 Yun Che’s excitement was clearly visible to Mu Bingyun. She was shocked inwardly and slowly nodded, “Xiaolan’s dimensional stone is able to bring an additional person back to the Snow Song Realm. This compared to you saving my life is rather easy.”


 “Can I really? But shouldn’t there... ought there to be some kind of special restriction or prohibition?” Yun Che could hardly believe that it was true for a moment... The Realm of the Gods, the higher plane realm in which Jasmine resided in was also at the highest level of the current Primal Chaos Dimension. Even though he was the strongest person in the Profound Sky Continent, the Realm of the Gods was still an existence similar to myths.


 “There is no restriction or prohibition.” Mu Bingyun slightly shook her head. “Instead, we have countless numbers of profound practitioners from lower realms who have reached the divine way come every year. Upon reaching the divine realm, they are able to travel through the void and reach the Realm of the Gods. In the God Realm, this process is called ‘ascension.’ My Snow Song Realm would receive a great amount of lower realm ascended profound practitioners. Though they are from the lower realms, none are not personages of excellence and a few among them are even qualified to join Ice Phoenix Palace.”


 “As for bringing those from another realm to the Snow Song Realm, that isn’t a big deal. It’s just that with your profound level, you may be able to defy the world here but in the Snow Song Realm, it would be difficult to say the least. Moreover, from what I have seen, you are not one so foolish as to wholeheartedly pursue the peak of the profound way... are you certain that you want to accompany me back to the Snow Song Realm?”


 “Yes, incomparably certain! Though I am indeed not someone who wants to go to a higher level plane because I want to use all means to pursue the profound way, I do have another reason to have to go there!” Yun Che said heavily, both hands already silently tightened.


 Jasmine... wait for me. I’ll be there soon. No matter what... I have to see you again! Even if all I get is a complete farewell.


 “...If that is the case, then it’s best if you make preparations as soon as possible.” Mu Bingyun stared at him deeply and continued softly, “In the month Xiaolan and I are staying here, I will be disclosing matters about the God Realm to you. You should also prepare your farewells to those by your side.”


 The doors of the Snow Congealing Hall finally opened and Yun Che came out from within. By his side was a woman who seemed to have walked out from a painting. She had an otherworldly proudness and was as brilliant as an immortal.


 “M-master!!”


 Mu Xiaolan’s shout was filled with boundless joy. She quickly ran over and saw that her master’s complexion had now obviously held some color. Then, she noticed her aura, which was several times stronger than before and was so moved that tears instantly tumbled down. “Uuu... Master, are you alright? Are you really alright now?”


 Mu Bingyun reached out and gently stroked Mu Xiaolan’s head. “Xiaolan, I’ve worried you again. But from now on, it seems like our master and disciple relationship will still have a long future ahead of us.”


 “Uuu... waah!” Mu Bingyun’s words made the soft cries of Mu Xiaolan turn into a loud wail. She tightly hugged Mu Bingyun and cried loudly, not caring about how she looked.


 “Hey, hey. Little miss.” Only after waiting until she had cried long enough did Yun Che finally speak out in a gloomy voice, “Aren’t you forgetting to thank this great savior who saved your Master’s life?”


 Mu Xiaolan wiped the tears hanging from her face and looked at Yun Che... but her eyes were distinctively on guard. “You... You didn’t take advantage of the situation to do anything untoward to my Master, did you?”


 Mu Bingyun. “...”


 “~！#￥...” The corner of Yun Che’s mouth twitched, then he sighed lightly and slowly replied, “Little miss, you’d better clearly remember what you said today. I’ll be sure to not let you say that in vain.”


 Mu Xiaolan, “???”


 “Senior.” Murong Qianxue and the others came before Mu Bingyun, her serious face carrying a slight trace of fear. “Are... you really the Frozen Cloud Ancestor who founded Frozen Cloud Asgard a thousand years ago?”


 Before Mu Bingyun had time to reply, Yun Che had already nodded deeply. “Fairy Mu is indeed the Frozen Cloud Ancestor. The reason why she has appeared here is because she wanted to see Frozen Cloud Asgard one more time before she met her end.”


 “Ah...” Murong Qianxue and the others gasped in shock. Then, they all paid respects at the same time. “Frozen Cloud disciple... greets Senior Ancestor Bingyun!”


 “You don’t have to do that. Everyone, rise.” Mu Bingyun’s snowy hand gently lifted. They were all instantly supported up by a gentle force and couldn’t help but all rise.


 “When I left Frozen Cloud Asgard a thousand years ago, I was supposed to be resolute in cutting off all ties and should not have worried about it anymore. But in the end, I was still unable to have a detached heart of ice.” Mu Bingyun explained unhurriedly. Particularly during the few years where her life was approaching its end, she was never able to stop thinking about Frozen Cloud Asgard... and worry about its “Thousand Year Calamity.”


 That was after all, what she was worried about the most. Those years were the most unforgettable years of her life. Every disciple of Frozen Cloud Asgard’s first generation that she had taken in carried a strand of her lifeblood... It was as if they were her children.


 “Master, this has nothing to do with the Detached Heart of Ice Realm. It’s just that you are too kind hearted,” Mu Xiaolan replied with sparkling eyes. “Besides, it’s because you established Frozen Cloud Asgard and also because you always thought about it that you received such a compensation for your kindness... This is great. The Great Realm King will definitely be happy after receiving this news.”


 Yun Che raised his brows... Great Realm King?


 “...” Mu Bingyun did not respond but what Mu Xiaolan had said softened her gaze. The corners of her mouth had also hooked slightly, forming a light smile that was beautiful to the point of being illusory.


 “I never expected that you had always been alive, Senior Ancestor. If the previous generations were to hear of this news, they would definitely... definitely...” Murong Qianxue was so moved that she didn’t even know how to describe her feelings.


 “Then we’ll gather all of the Asgard’s disciples. Senior Ancestor’s descent is the happiest occasion in our Frozen Cloud Asgard’s thousand year history,” stated Jun Lianqie.


 “No need.” Mu Bingyun had actually declined the proposal. “I am not someone from this world. If not for this unexpected accident, I would’ve never appeared before you all again. It’s best to not disclose this matter to the public, otherwise, it is possible that this may bring about unknown troubles.”


 “Senior Masters, Junior Masters, I agree that we should keep this matter to only the few of us,” Yun Che stated. His gaze also swept past the bodies of the group of Frozen Cloud members before he said seriously, “I also have something to announce...”


 “More than two years have already passed since the former Asgard Mistress entrusted me with the Asgard Master position. Even though this period of time has been incessantly turbulent, I have at long last not let down the former Asgard Mistress.”


 Yun Che rarely showed such a serious expression on his face so Murong Qianxue and the rest all silently listened, confused as to why he had said those words.


 “Now that Frozen Cloud Asgard has been gloriously reborn and the former calamity will no longer happen, I can finally be at ease.” Yun Che stretched out a hand. Following a flash of blue light, the Frozen Cloud Celestial Soul floated in the air. “Senior Master Murong, starting from today, I formally give the position of Frozen Cloud Asgard’s Asgard Mistress to you.”


 Murong Qianxue was completely dumbfounded as Jun Lianqie and the rest cried out in alarm, “Asgard Master, why.. why are you suddenly passing on your position?”
Ñøv€lRapture marked the initial hosting of this chapter on Ñôv€lß¡n.

 “Asgard Master, you... you don’t want us anymore?” Feng Hanyue and Feng Hanxue nearly cried.


 “No, no, no.” Yun Che hurriedly explained, “I’m definitely not abandoning you guys, just abandoning the Asgard Master name. On the contrary, what I feel for Frozen Cloud Asgard is not inferior to anyone here. When I was protecting you all these years, I have always enjoyed it. I liked it so much that I would be willing to protect Frozen Cloud Asgard if you guys were not opposed to it. It’s just that...”


 “I have already decided to follow Fairy Mu to the Realm of the Gods in a month’s time.”


 This time, Feng Xue’er shouted out in surprise.


 Illusory Demon Realm, Demon Imperial Palace.


 “What did you say? God Realm?


 Hearing Yun Che’s words, the Little Demon Empress’ reaction was as violent as expected. Even her aura had become somewhat disorderly.


 “Little Demon Empress Sis, hurry up and convince Big Brother Yun.” Feng Xue’er’s lovely eyes were somewhat teary.


 She had already heard stories about the God Realm. There were many experts there, stronger than what they could possibly imagine and numerous unknown dangers present. Even getting there and coming back was something they could not possibly imagine.


 Yun Che was the absolute supreme existence of the Profound Sky Continent. None were his match, nor would they dare to provoke him. In order to reach this level where he now possessed everything, it was unknown just how many times he had tottered between life and death.


 And now, he was actually abandoning it all to head for the Realm of the Gods that no one had actually reached before!?


 An unfathomable distance and plane existed between the Blue Pole Star and the Realm of the Gods. If he were to really go to the God Realm, it wasn’t known how long until they could meet again. Furthermore, they were the ones who knew Yun Che best. No matter where he was, no matter what situation he was in, he could never be the type of person who would swallow their cries and endure humiliation. Forget about a huge humiliation, he wasn’t even able to take a small slight... If he were to go to a place where “gods” roamed everywhere, each step he took would be extremely dangerous, so how could they possible be at ease?


 “Caiyi, Xue’er. I know that my decision is really selfish,” Yun Che said guiltily. “Xuanyuan Wentian died just half a year ago. The Profound Sky Continent and the Illusory Demon Realm have finally become peaceful with great difficulty and now I suddenly come out with this kind of decision. However, I really do have a reason why I must go.”


 “Reason? What reason?” The Little Demon Empress slightly bit her lip as her chest heaved. To her, Yun Che’s decision simply came out of the blue.


 “Big Brother Yun, you want to find your Master, right?” Su Ling’er came over and said gently.


 “Yes,” Yun Che nodded. “The reason why I never brought up matters about my Master Jasmine is because there is simply too much to say. Even if I were to say it out loud, it would be hard for you all to understand. We met eight years ago. That was when I was at my lowest, most helpless period of time. At that time, I helplessly looked on as Grandfather and Lingxi were being bullied, then was kicked out like some dog. Even pouncing and taking a bite out of them was impossible. However, when she appeared, she changed my entire life. If not for her, the current me would not exist. I probably wouldn’t even be fortunate enough to have you all.”


 “You might not understand this but since the time we met, we never left each other. She changed my entire life and is also the person who knows and understands me the most in this world. Since the very start, I sensed that I was dependent on her. But after we separated, that was when I realized that the dependence I felt for her far surpassed my expectations. Furthermore, our separation was so sudden and hurried that I still have not left the day of her sudden departure.”


 Yun Che sighed deeply, his eyes still filled with the image of Jasmine. “Since she left, I miss her terribly every day. The more time passed since her departure, the stronger this feeling got. It got to the point where I would even dream of her almost nightly. After a while, everytime I thought about her, an indescribable unease would surface in my heart... one that made me feel like I would never see her again.”


 “This kind of feeling terrified me. Afterwards, the Golden Crow Soul suddenly said something weird to me. It said that if I don’t see her within five years... I may never get to see her again in my entire life.”


 The Little Demon Empress, “...”


 Feng Xue’er, “Big Brother Yun...”


 Yun Che closed his eyes, not daring to meet their eyes, because he was well aware that this selfishness of his would give them an incredibly heavy unease and worry... and it would also cause them to be separated for a long time. However, if he did not meet Jasmine, his soul would probably never be complete for his entire life.


 The Demon Imperial Palace quieted. The Little Demon Empress’ eyes stared fixedly at Yun Che. But after seeing the instant of pain that flashed past in his expression, her heart instantly softened.


 The Little Demon Empress turned around and her voice suddenly changed to become incomparably tranquil. “Alright then! Xue’er and I will accompany you.”


 Yun Che knew she would say those words because when they were returning here, Feng Xue’er said the same exact words. But he could only shake his head. “The teleportation formation they use to return to the God Realm can only bring more one person back.”


 “...” The Little Demon Empress’ entire body stiffened and she didn’t say anything for a long time.


 “Little Demon Empress Sis, just let Big Brother Yun go.” Su Ling’er stood by Yun Che’s side. Both her arms hugged him as she said gently. “Because he... is just that type of person and what I like is exactly this kind of Big Brother Yun.”


 “...” The Little Demon Empress’ petite body slightly trembled. After a long while, she slowly lifted her head and said faintly, “Yes... he has always been this kind of person... otherwise... how could I... fall in love with him...”

