

Chapter 1446 - Meeting the Dragon Monarch Once More

 Chapter 1446 - Meeting the Dragon Monarch Once More


 Yun Che had not been able to cleanse the devilish poison from the Eternal Heaven God Emperor in one go, and it was the same with the Brahma Heaven God Emperor.


 Also, Yun Che could clearly sense that the devilish energy inside Qianye Fantian’s body was far more dense and frightening than the energy inside the Eternal Heaven God Emperor’s body.


 In terms of strength, Qianye Fantian surpassed the Eternal Heaven God Emperor slightly. So from the looks of it, Jasmine had held back slightly against the Eternal Heaven God Emperor but she had gone all out against Qianye Fantian.


 After several hours, Qianye Fantian’s complexion was much better, while Yun Che was dripping with sweat and was completely exhausted. Xia Qingyue took Yun Che and left, politely refusing Qianye Fantian’s gratitude and attempts to ask them to stay.


 Upon leaving the palace hall the Brahma Heaven God Emperor was residing in, Yun Che heaved a long sigh of relief. That was his first time in close proximity to the number one god emperor of the Eastern Divine Region. He had not felt any of the stress or fear he had anticipated, rather, he felt an indescribable sense of peace and calmness.


 This feeling was even stronger than the one given off by the Eternal Heaven God Emperor.


 Without any previous knowledge, Yun Che would have truly thought that both the Brahma Heaven God Emperor and the Eternal Heaven God Emperor were the same. Both were concerned for all of creation and were magnanimous people. But as the saying goes, “like father like daughter”. In order to achieve her goals, Qianye Ying’er’s methods were cruel and merciless to the extreme and she regarded all living creatures as her prey...


 Having brought up such a daughter, how could the Brahma Heaven God Emperor be like what he seemed to be on the surface?


 Xia Qingyue was as calm and quiet as when she arrived, her eyes looking straight ahead. After walking for some distance, her vision shifted sideways and she said in a low voice, “What did you want to do Qianye Fantian just now!?”


 Her crescent brows were furrowed, her voice had an icy tone to it.


 Yun Che was momentarily stunned, but replied, shaking his head, “Nothing, wasn’t I just thoroughly cleansing him of the devilish energy?”


 “My aura was covering you the whole time, you can’t fool me.” Xia Qingyue stared at him, her crescent brows furrowed even tighter, “In those six hours, your mind was in a turmoil four times, but you managed to suppress it forcefully.... That was Qianye Fantian! Are you trying to court death?”


 Yun Che, “...”


 “Given your current strength, even if Qianye Fantian had allowed your profound energy to enter his body, do you really think that you could injure him in the slightest?” Xia Qingyue said exasperatedly. She couldn’t believe that Yun Che did not know about this.


 Previously, whenever Yun Che’s mind had any unusual activity, her heart would tighten with worry.


 Seeing Xia Qingyue’s sullen face made Yun Che’s mood better instead. He replied beamingly, “Of course I know that with my current strength, I wouldn’t be able to hurt him even if my strength exploded inside his body... Alright, alright. I’ll admit it. I did think about doing something those times, but I always gave up in the end.”


 After all, his own profound energy would be able to enter directly into the person’s body while cleansing the devilish energy.... How could he not entertain such a notion when such an excellent opportunity had presented itself.


 However it was merely an idea and nothing more.


 This was the Brahma Heaven God Emperor after all!


 “Since you know that... then what exactly were you trying to do?” Xia Qingyue’s tone softened slightly, she knew that Yun Che would not make such a move without reason, “Tell me.”


 Yun Che thought for a moment before replying, “I wanted to advantage and poison him slightly while my profound energy was inside his body.”


 “Poison?” Xia Qingyue’s brows knitted slightly. Yun Che continued as she was about to speak, “Be assured, if I had done so, he definitely will not be able to detect the poison. Furthermore, I even have a method of hiding the ‘poison’ inside the devil energy in his body... It’s just that he’s still the number one god emperor in the Eastern God Realm. Even if the poison was directly inserted into his body, the current dosage probably wouldn’t be able to kill him. It would have brought me endless troubles instead and thus, I gave up in the end."


 Xia Qingyue stared at Yun Che silently for some time before realizing that he was especially serious about what he said. It could be seen clearly in his eyes... which contained an unspeakable gloom.


 She turned her gaze back and whispered, “From what I know, there is no poison in this world that can kill Qianye Fantian. However, I am even more puzzled by how can covertly plant the poison in his body... without being sensed.”


 After she finished speaking, her eyes suddenly focused a little.


 Hide the poison... inside the devil energy in his body?


 He could interfere with and control the Evil Infant’s devilish energy!?


 “...” Xia Qingyue took a long look at Yun Che.


 “About this... I’ll tell you next time. Let’s wait until the day that the poison is potent enough...” Yun Che stopped there, giving a rather gloomy sigh as he said, “It’s a pity that I can only come back another three to four times at most before the devilish energy in his body will be totally cleansed. I’m afraid that there will not be such great opportunities like today when the poison is finally potent enough.”
Ñøv€lRapture marked the initial hosting of this chapter on Ñôv€lß¡n.

 “Yun Che,” Xia Qingyue asked suddenly, “answer my question.”


 “Oh?” Yun Che glanced at her from the corner of his eyes. He could sense that her aura had become exceptionally heavy and imposing.


 “Why did the Dragon Queen of the Western Region teach you how to cultivate light profound energy?” She asked slowly as her calm purple eyes stared into Yun Che’s astonished ones, “Did anything... special happen between the two of you?”


 In that instant, Yun Che stopped walking and halted his breath. After that, he asked “Wh... why would you ask that?”


 Yun Che’s unusual response only lasted for a second, but Xia Qingyue took it all in. She sighed gently, “When I sent you into the Forbidden Land of Samsara back then, the Dragon Queen had no intention of taking you in. But, within the short span of one year, light profound energy actually appeared on your body. Moreover, it is widely known that the light profound energy is a sacred energy that solely belongs to the Dragon Queen, so of course it would seem strange in anyone’s eyes.


 “But... since it’s you, it is possible for anything to happen.”


 Xia Qingyue said those words very gently, and it was as if every word was wreathed in mist.


 “Senior... Shen Xi has indeed shown me great kindness. After things are settled here, I will go and visit her, hopefully she will have come out of seclusion by then.” Yun Che spoke in an awkward tone.


 “Do you know why she is in seclusion?”


 “I don’t know.” Yun Che said as he shook his head, a puzzled look on his face, “She was clearly concerned about the crimson crack since she had mentioned it to me a number of times. So for her to go into seclusion at this time... is really is quite strange. Also, I remember her saying that her strength had been ‘bound’ and thus she would not be able to break through or something like that... So what is she trying to do exactly?”


 Xia Qingyue, “...”


 Yun Che was obviously not willing to continue to talk about this topic involving such a "huge secret" so he changed the topic, “Qingyue, the Moon God Realm lost much of its face that year because of me. Do you think that I’d be hacked to bits if I were to go to the Moon God Realm again?”


 “Perhaps,” Xia Qingyue replied.


 Yun Che’s eyes widened, “What? Won’t you protect me? You’re the Moon God Emperor! Even if we are no longer married, we once shared the same bed all those years ago. You should at least take our past into account!”


 “...” Xia Qingyue shook her head, “Shameless.”


 “Hahahaha!” Yun Che laughed heartily, his vision became blurry for a moment as he turned to gaze at the purple figure beside him. He sighed suddenly, “Time is truly such a frightening thing. The two of us got married that year in Floating Cloud City. That was our small world and we were but mere mortals then. The me at that time knew you were going to leave me soon so I only dreamt up ways to take advantage of you every day. And now, in the short span of just over ten years, you’ve actually already become the god emperor of a king realm...”


 “Perhaps, in this world, it will be hard to find another person whose fate is more bizarre than ours.”


 “...” Xia Qingyue kept silent.


 “Speaking of which, I had a strange dream about my younger days a while ago.” Yun Che added randomly, “In my dream, there was Yuanba and Little Aunt. But the funny thing was that Yuanba didn’t have an older sister and the person I was to marry wasn’t you but someone else.”


 Xia Qingyue trembled and her steps came to a sudden halt.


 “I was thinking, if that year we didn’t... mn?” Yun Che turned around and was astounded to see that Xia Qingyue had stopped.


 “What’s wrong?”


 “An acquaintance of yours has arrived.” Xia Qingyue turned around and said indifferently, "I have something to do, so I’ll make a move first. Give my regards to Senior Mu.”


 Without waiting for Yun Che’s reply, Xia Qingyue’s purple figure floated up, swayed in midair and disappeared from Yun Che’s line of sight.


 “???” Yun Che wore a startled expression and muttered to himself, “Did I say something wrong again?”


 “Big Brother Yun Che!!”


 An exceptionally cheerful voice could be heard from afar. A dark shadow drifted past Yun Che’s vision as a young lady wearing a black skirt floated down in front of him like a butterfly. She looked at him with gem-like eyes that twinkled like stars, a pleased look on her ridiculously gorgeous face.


 "What are you doing here? Are you here to see me?”


 “Oh, it’s Fairy Meiyin,” Yun Che promptly replied. At the same time, his eyes swept the surroundings, but he did not find anyone else from the Glazed Light Realm.


 “Saying that makes us seem like strangers Big Brother Yun Che, just call me by my name,” Shui Meiyin replied cheerily.


 Shui Meiyin was but fifteen years old back then and she had already had a countenance that was kissed by an angel. Now that she was all grown up, she looked like a celestial maiden who had been banished to earth, and every word and smile that came from her was so beautiful that nothing could compare.


 Especially her eyes, which were clearly so pure and innocent but also had a tinge of rebellious charm to them... Yun Che was stunned for a moment as he gazed at her smile up close and it was a long while before he could move his eyes away with much difficulty.


 “Or perhaps, you could also call me Mei’er or Yin’er.” Her delicate eyebrows arched as her twinkling eyes stared at Yun Che without blinking. It seemed that she enjoyed looking at him at such close proximity.


 “This... isn’t so good, right?” Yun Che replied with some difficulty, “Though we do have a very... strange wedding agreement, it still isn’t official yet...”


 “Oh, but it will be very soon,” Shui Meiyin replied cheerily.


 Yun Che, “Ah?”


 “Your master looked for my father just now and formally brought up our engagement...”


 Yun Che turned quickly, his eyes about to pop from their sockets, “Hahhh?”


 “After that, they started to discuss the wedding date. I was very happy but embarrassed so I ran out.” Shui Meiyin’s delicate powdery lips curved into a beautiful arc as she spoke.


 “...” Yun Che pressed his hand to his forehead. Mu Xuanyin had reminded him intentionally about the benefits of marrying Shui Meiyin when they were in the Snow Song Realm. She had also said that she would approach Shui Qianheng to discuss the engagement when they reached the Eternal Heaven Realm.


 After all, she was a lady with such a top notch aptitude, background, and looks, who did not mind paying money to keep a losing business... and she was probably the only one in the whole world who was like this. Wouldn’t he be silly to not hold on to her tightly?


 “Are... you really very happy?” Yun Che looked at her and asked confusedly, “I mean, we’ve hardly had any interactions and we don’t even understand each other. It wasn’t because of my strength that I defeated you on the Conferred God Stage back then... And uh, marriage is a big matter that affects the rest of your life, you really don’t feel that this is strange, you really won’t regret it?”


 “Why should I feel that it’s weird or regret it?” Shui Meiyin’s twinkling eyes blinked as she asked with a smile, “You’re the one I have decided on for the rest of my life since three... since that day. Being able to marry you is the happiest thing that I can think of.”


 “My mother has always been encouraging me. Mother said that the most fortunate thing in this world is to regain the person you love who was lost once. She also said that I must cling on to such a person. Otherwise, I will regret it for the rest of my life.”


 Shui Meiyin’s eyes twinkled continuously as she said this. But her every word was said seriously.


 “You must think about this carefully. Putting aside my family background, the me back then could still only barely match up to you. But now, I am only a Divine King and you are way beyond my league, you...”


 “That’s alright, I’ll protect you,” Shui Meiyin replied without any hesitation. “If anyone dares to bully you after we are married, I will ask my ninety-nine older brothers to beat him once each, okay?”


 Yun Che was slightly touched by her words, but suddenly recalled the fact that she had ninety-nine older brothers.


 For some odd reason, he suddenly felt a shiver run down his spine.


 From what he knew, every one of her ninety nine brothers doted dearly on her. If she were to feel aggrieved because of him... he would be in big trouble!


 Yun Che sighed gloomily and suddenly leaned his face close to hers as he asked with a serious look, “Do... do you think that I’m good looking?”


 Shui Meiyin nodded her head cheerfully despite being posed such a shameless question, “That’s right! Brother Yun Che is super handsome. I used to think that my Ninety-ninth Brother was the most handsome man. But Brother Yun Che is a thousand times more handsome than him!”


 (Shui Yinghen: Achoo!)


 “...” In all honesty, Yun Che had seen many love struck fools in his life, but none of them were as bad as her.


 The most important thing was that... no matter how you looked at it, Shui Meiyin had reached the pinnacle of womanhood. It was to the extent that even the sons of realm kings would not dare to even come close to her or hope to attain her...


 Yun Che still couldn’t understand which part of him had attracted her exactly... and attracted her to such an extent at that.


 After thinking about it, it was most probably due to his looks!!


 “Then, Brother Yun Che, do you think I’m pretty?” she asked with a hopeful expression and tilted her head slightly.


 “Pretty.” Yun Che nodded.


 “Heeheeheehee!” Shui Meiyin smiled happily. She moved forward suddenly and grasped Yun Che’s hand, “I’ve been to the Eternal Heaven Realm many times so let me give you a tour.”


 “...Alright.” Yun Che’s heart melted at the extremely warm and gentle grasp of her hand, and he couldn’t help but nod his head.


 Shui Meiyin’s twinkling eyes shimmered even more when she gained Yun Che’s consent. She took small skips like a happy butterfly and stood beside Yun Che. Her pale and delicate hands trembled nervously as her hands wrapped around his arms...


 But it was just at this moment that the sky darkened for no apparent reason.


 A tall and imposing figure dropped down from the sky and landed not too far from where they were.


 It had clearly been the descent of a single human figure, but Yun Che felt as if the entire heavens had collapsed.


 The Dragon Monarch!

