

Chapter 1597 - Above Nine Lights Heaven

 “...” Yun Che still did not reply, but his feet were slightly obstructed by a heavy piece of dragon bone.


 The slightly playful look in Qianye Ying’er’s eyes clearly changed. She twirled around and blocked Yun Che’s path. “You really have... you really slept with the Dragon Queen!?”


 Yun Che’s brows knit together slightly as he retorted in a cold and calm voice, “That’s none of your business!”


 “...” Qianye Ying’er’s jade face froze. After that, the corners of her lips curled up before she started to howl with laughter. “Hahahaha... Hahahahaha...”


 “No wonder, no wonder! Hahahahahahaha...”


 She laughed so hard that her delicate waist and her silky bosom shook with laughter... This was the first time she had laughed in such a carefree and unrestrained manner since she arrived in the Northern Divine Region. There was no iciness or murkiness in her laughter. It was a laugh of pure delight, a laugh that was born out of the pure desire to laugh out loud.


 In the God Realm, and this was especially true if you were someone from a king realm, there was no one who did not know that the Dragon Queen had always been a huge influence on the Dragon Monarch. Even after he became the emperor of the dragons and the monarch of the Primal Chaos, he still strictly adhered to the path of righteousness. He never despised the weak and lowly, and his heart was as broad as the heavens themselves. This did not only caused the prestige of the dragon gods to soar, it also garnered them the reverence and respect of the entire universe.


 During the Conferred God Battle, everyone could clearly see the admiration that the Dragon Monarch had for Yun Che and the clear desire he had to protect Yun Che. In the end, he even publicly declared that he wanted to take Yun Che in as his foster son.


 It was extremely difficult for someone like the Dragon Monarch to admire someone, and it was also extremely difficult to change their minds about a person they already admired. Thus, the change in his attitude toward Yun Che had truly been far too strange.


 After the Devil Emperor left and the Evil Infant was blasted out of the Primal Chaos, he had suddenly stepped forward. It was his cold and merciless words that pushed Yun Che to oppose everyone, that forced him to fall into darkness.


 The only person that could cause the Dragon Monarch’s attitude to change to such a great degree was the Dragon Queen herself.


 And before that, the Dragon Queen had, strangely enough, chosen to go into seclusion.


 The Dragon Queen, who had never been willing to have any contact with the outside world, did not only take Yun Che in all those years ago. She had even taught him how to cultivate light profound energy... and this definitely could not simply be explained away as her “cherishing talent”.


 The brutality Yun Che displayed when he went up against the Desolate Heaven Dragon Clan caused her to recall the grievance that Yun Che and the Dragon Monarch had against each other. After that, she inadvertently put two and two together and came up with an extremely outrageous conclusion, a conclusion that no one would have ever imagined.


 However, no matter how absurd or ridiculous something was, it was always a possibility with Yun Che.


 The question she had ambushed Yun Che with had been one part curiosity and nine parts mockery. She had fully intended to follow up with this mocking statement: If you didn’t sleep with the Dragon Queen, then why did the Dragon Monarch suddenly become so vicious and ruthless toward you?


 However, the reaction she had gotten from Yun Che was not cold scorn. Instead, he had reacted by lapsing into a clearly strange silence before giving a retort that was equivalent to tacit admittance of guilt.


 Shen Xi’s shadow undoubtedly existed in the deepest, most painful, and most guilty part of Yun Che’s heart. His brows fiercely sank and his eyes were filled with rage as he shouted, “What’s so funny!?”


 If Shen Xi had not met him back then, then she would not have been met with such disaster later.


 However, he was not willing to believe that Shen Xi was already dead. He’d rather believe that everything that Xia Qingyue had told him had been a lie.


 Qianye Ying’er’s laughter gradually died down, but a smile still played along her lips as she said, “Why can’t I laugh? The queen of the Dragon Monarch, the Dragon Queen of the Primal Chaos, the Dragon Queen who was mentioned in the same breath as me. A woman who reduced the Dragon Monarch to nothing more than a loyal dog. The woman who was regarded as a sacred fairy whose purity and virtue was as high as a heavenly tower. To think that she actually turned out to be a wanton slut whose purity was only a facade.”


 The fires of rage in Yun Che’s eyes exploded. His arm shot out and grabbed the neck of Qianye Ying’er’s robes as he snarled roughly, “Say... that... one... more... time!!”
This essence is securely nested within the heart of Nøv€lß¡n★

 “Did I say anything wrong?” Qianye Ying’er still wore a cold smile on her face. This was clearly something that had nothing to do with her, but for some odd reason, she felt an indescribable elation in her heart.


 “If... you dare to badmouth her again.” Yun Che’s hands trembled. “I will cripple you!”


 “Can you bear to?” Qianye Ying’er’s gorgeous eyes were calm and icy. There was no trace of fear or apprehension in them. “If I’m crippled, then there won’t be any other woman in this world with the blood of a Devil Emperor. Who is going to help you cultivate the Eternal Calamity of Darkness then? Who is going to help you turn the three divine regions into a nest of devils?”


 “...Yun Qianying, without you, I would still be able to trample over the three divine regions in the future. But without me, you can forget about ever taking revenge,” Yun Che replied in a deep and solemn voice, but he fiercely flung aside the hands which had grabbed onto Qianye Ying’er. “Also, remember this, she is Shen Xi, not the Dragon Queen!”


 “...” Qianye Ying’er brushed a jade hand over her chest as she gently smoothed out the wrinkles in her clothes. Yun Che’s words gave her something to think about, but her words were still mocking as she said, “Oh, so you not only slept with her, but you actually slept with her until you had feelings for her?”


 She took a single step forward, her orchid-like breath gently brushing against Yun Che’s lips. “It’s no wonder that the Dragon Monarch treated you in such a way. To think that the Dragon Queen Shen Xi and the Goddess Qianye both became toys for you to play with. You truly do... deserve to be hacked to bits!”


 “She is not the Dragon Queen,” Yun Che icily repeated himself. “More importantly, she isn’t a toy either! You also are not worthy to be mentioned in the same sentence as her!”


 “Oh really?” Qianye Ying’er was not the least bit angry. The one person that was most able to give her a sense that “the universe was fair” had undoubtedly been Shen Xi. She crooked her delicate head forward, her lips nearly brushing against Yun Che’s ear. “Then why don’t you tell me, when you were going at it with Shen Xi, did she still look so lofty, sacred, and pure?”


 Yun Che started to clench his fists, but in the instant before the fires of his rage exploded, he suddenly suppressed them. A bland smile appeared on his face instead as he said, “She is the most perfect woman in this universe. In front of me, she was as pure as a snow lotus, but she could also be as an unrestrained and debauched as a temptress.”


 “During the time I spent with her, I hated... I hated that I could not spend every moment on top of her. You can’t compare to her even when it comes to this.”


 “In the end, you are only a tool for my cultivation and an exquisite toy for me to play with, do you understand!?”


 “...” The smile on Qianye Ying’er’s face slowly disappeared, but her lips did not leave his ear. Her voice was also far more calm and bland when she spoke again. “Don’t you worry Yun Che, I will fulfill my responsibilities as your tool and toy well... and you must do so as well."


 “Hmph!” Yun Che swung around and started moving again as he swiftly headed out beyond the lightning region.


 Qianye Ying’er leisurely followed behind him, but it was clear that her heart was not at ease.


 “Not the Dragon Queen...” Qianye Ying’er had not glossed over these words that Yun Che had uttered. She smiled, but this time, her smile was filled with scorn. “So it turns out that the so-called number one person in the Primal Chaos was nothing more than a sad joke.”


 “But who in this world has really ever truly seen through another?”


 ......


 Once they had left the Heavenly Handle Yun Clan, Yun Che started moving at maximum speed. He shot straight toward the south without any hesitation, and he did not need to make any preparations either.


 He had told Yun Ting that he would go and destroy the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect. But the reality was that even if the current him attacked with Qianye Ying’er, there was no way that they could truly destroy the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect.


 As the Thousand Desolation Realm King’s sect, its reputation was enormous, its foundation was deep and broad thick. It possessed many powerhouses with varying strengths and specialties... Any single one of these factors was a mountain so high that one could not see its peak.


 What’s more, the sect master of the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect, the great realm king of the Thousand Desolation Realm, was a genuine Divine Master!


 But Yun Che still said those words to Yun Ting, and he had given himself a very short amount of time. After all, the fact that Devotee Empty Mind had died in the Heavenly Handle Yun Clan would definitely be reported to the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect. Because this was such a huge matter, it would only be a matter of days before they went to interrogate the Heavenly Handle Yun Clan.


 The reason was very simple.


 During the time he had spent in the Heavenly Handle Yun Clan, he had already clearly felt the bottleneck that obstructed his entry into the Divine Sovereign Realm.


 He just needed an opportunity... No, he did not even need an opportunity. He just needed one gentle push and he would be able to completely break through that bottleneck and become a Divine Sovereign.


 This was also the reason why he had told Qianye Ying’er that he would be able to help her become a Divine Master again in three days’ time.


 To any profound practitioner, breaking through to the next big realm would always bring about a fundamental change in their profound strength and an explosive growth in their cultivation. But to Yun Che, the increase in his strength every time he broke through to a new realm of power could be said to be completely earth-shattering.


 Nine Lights Heaven was a small world that floated above innumerable mountains. This was where the Thousand Desolation Realm’s famed and mighty Nine Lights Heavenly Palace resided.


 In the Thousand Desolation Realm, the Nine Lights Heavenly Palace was one of the strongest sects under the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect. It was a sacred ground of the profound way that countless Thousand Desolation profound practitioners feverishly dreamed of entering. If they could enter any of the nine palaces, it would be the glory of a lifetime.


 However, the Nine Lights Heavenly Palace was extremely restless today.


 Because their Chief Palace Master, who had personally gone to the Heavenly Handle Yun Clan to profit from their misfortune, had actually died there!


 Black energy curled around the Nine Lights Heavenly Palace and the auras of the people within were filled with a panic they had never felt before.


 Venerable Hidden Universe, head of the nine palace masters of the Nine Lights Heavenly Palace, was second only to the Nine Lights Heavenly Sovereign within their sect. The Nine Lights Heavenly Sovereign had been killed and none of his descendants had reached their prime yet, so it was only natural that he would succeed the position of Chief Palace Master.


 But he was still in a state of shock, even now.


 He had followed the Nine Lights Heavenly Sovereign to the Heavenly Handle Yun Clan and he had personally witnessed the Desolate Heaven Dragon Clan get slaughtered like a bunch of lowly worms. He had personally witnessed someone killing Devotee Empty Mind with a single stamp of his foot, had personally witnessed the Nine Lights Heavenly Sovereign getting split into eight parts in a single instant...


 He had seen people die far too many times in his life, but those had been the Desolate Heaven Devil Dragons! Those had been peak Divine Sovereigns!


 “Chief Palace Master, all of the other palace masters are already inside the Nine Lights Palace, they are waiting for Chief Palace Master to take charge of things.” Venerable Hidden Universe’s chief disciple said as he bowed down. His attitude was fawning and he had directly addressed Venerable Hidden Universe as “Chief Palace Master”, and he used the words “take charge” rather than “discuss”.


 Venerable Hidden Universe nodded his head as he gave a heavy sigh and stood up.


 As he got to his feet, he subconsciously raised his head to look at the sky... It was at this moment that his entire body shuddered and his gaze whipped downwards. A hoarse yell that resembled the roar of a startled and panicked beast came out of his mouth. “Yun, Yun, Yun, Yun... Yun Che!!”


 Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er were floating above Nine Lights Heaven as they coldly eyed the vast and boundless Nine Lights Heavenly Palace.

