

Chapter 1855 - The Azure Dragon Shakes the World

 



 ROAAAAAAAAR——————


 After Yun Che’s tyrannical command, a furious dragon roar filled with awe-inspiring majesty reverberated through the air.


 This dragon roar seemed to come from the very ends of the earth... from a bottomless abyss... from the boundless depths of the ancient past.


 It shook the heavens and the earth and completely blasted apart the mighty draconic energy of the five Venerable Withered Dragons and the seven Dragon Gods. The roar faded the light in their eyes... and had very nearly shattered their souls.


 Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang...


 The draconic bodies which were rushing toward Yun Che violently crashed to the ground like puppets with their strings cut. The vast and overwhelming aura that had just engulfed the entire Ten Directions Deep Sea Realm had collapsed into a few threads of chaotic energy.


 Even their mighty Dragon God souls were currently shuddering and spasming like bugs that had been squashed.


 “.... Urgh... Wu... Wu...”


 Trembling groans came unbidden from their trembling lips. This wasn’t something that they had wanted to happen, it had come entirely from the dread that their souls were experiencing.


 They raised their heads slowly and with incredible difficulty... The world around them had suddenly turned frighteningly silent and the image of a colossal dragon was currently reflected in their widened eyes, one which struck extreme fear in their hearts.


 The Primordial Azure Dragon!


 It had appeared in the skies above Yun Che, looking as if it was floating majestically over this tiny divine region.


 All the light in the world had vanished and they could not even sense their surroundings any longer. Their draconic might, which usually reigned above all the world, had become pathetically tiny and insignificant... They felt their thighs grow weak and limp as every hair on their bodies trembled and stood on end.


 Their dragon souls, which were already curled up like worms, curled up even further and started spasming like they were on the brink of death.


 “Ah... Ah... Aaaaahhhhhh...”


 Their eyes had turned vacant and unfocused and they were unable to utter any other sounds besides those groans that came from the bottom of their souls.


 Both the Venerable Withered Dragons and Dragon Gods were similarly affected. As for the Dragon Sovereigns and Master Dragons behind them...


 Bang!


 Knees were falling to the ground. They were not slowly sinking to their knees. Their legs were heavily crashing to the ground.


 As Dragon Sovereigns and Master Dragons, they only kneeled before the Dragon Monarch and the Dragon Gods. Even the god emperors of the other king realms did not receive this honor from them. As such, the word “kneel” could not be found anywhere in those proud bones of theirs.


 However, the terror and servility coming from the depths of their souls completely transcended their will and thoughts. Every single one of them had collapsed to their knees without exception.


 Bang!


 Bang——


 After the Dragon Gods of the Dragon God Realm had fallen to their knees, the Blue Dragons of the Blue Dragon Realm, the Chi Dragons of the Emperor Chi Realm, and the Hui Dragons of the Hui Dragon Realm all fell to their knees heavily. Their eyes were trembling with the same shock, and their bodies were shaking with the same terror.


 Only the Qilins and the Divine Masters from the Myriad Manifestations Realm remained standing... However, all of their faces had gone pale from extreme shock and fear.


 “This, this, this, this, this... This is...” Fen Daoqi raised his head to look at the huge dragon hovering above them as he barely managed to stutter out those two words.


 Chi Wuyao and Mu Xuanyin both wore dumbfounded looks on their faces.


 They knew about the Dragon God soul in Yun Che’s body, and they also knew that it had come from the origin soul of an ancient True Dragon God.


 They also knew about the terrifying shock that his dragon soul could inflict when it erupted from his body... Back in the Flame God Realm’s Ancient God Burying Inferno Prison, Yun Che, whose cultivation had only been at the Divine Origin Realm at that time, had managed to stun that Divine Master horned dragon for an instant by releasing that dragon soul of his.


 During that fateful confrontation outside the Blue Pole Star, his black dragon soul had also instantly dispersed the power of all the god emperors and Divine Masters present when it had appeared.


 Historically, every time Yun Che released his dragon soul, it would only show up for a fleeting moment. It could not be sustained for very long and if Yun Che tried to forcefully extend the amount of time his dragon soul could be released for, his soul would turn extremely weak and he would even fall unconscious afterward.


 Right now, the image of a dragon that had appeared in the sky... No! This wasn’t just an image! It looked entirely solid and real, as if an actual Dragon God had transcended the aeons to regale the world with his mighty presence!


 “A Profound Handle: God Manifestation of an... ancient Dragon God!?” Qianye Ying’er muttered in shock. She suddenly turned to look at Shui Meiyin.


 Before he entered the Eternal Heaven Divine Realm, Yun Che had said his main objective was to cultivate his soul. As such, he had brought Shui Meiyin along, the sole possessor of the Stainless Divine Soul.


 Ever since Yun Che had started his campaign against the rest of the God Realm, he had never once shown any fear or trepidation for his mightiest enemy, the Dragon God Realm. In fact, he had been itching to face off against them... and when he had visited the Southern Sea God Realm, he had not hesitated at all to butcher the Ash Dragon God right then and there.


 As it turned out, he actually had another ace up his sleeve besides sacrificing divine origin power to forcibly activate God Ash!


 Back in the Profound God Convention held in the Eastern Divine Region, Yun Che had used his profound handle as a medium to summon the Phoenix Manifest God, the Ice Phoenix Manifest God, and the Golden Crow Manifest God.


 However, at that time, no one knew what method Yun Che had used to activate the “God Manifestation Art”, a skill that could normally only be used at the Divine Master Realm, herself included.


 It was only when she had fallen into devildom together with Yun Che in the Northern Divine Region that she found out that this was a skill that Yun Che had created himself, a skill that only he could use, called “Profound Handle: God Manifestation”.


 He had actually successfully managed to use his profound handle to completely materialize the soul of the Primordial Dragon God.


 This feat was most likely already accomplished before they had started their war against the God Realm, but it must’ve been far too taxing and strenuous on him. However, this alone was already enough to serve as a huge trump card against the Dragon God Realm.


 After all, the Primordial Azure Dragon was the grand ancestor of all of the dragons in the universe.


 Yun Che had spent those three years in the Eternal Heaven Divine Realm perfecting the manifestation of the Primordial Azure Dragon using this technique with the help of Shui Meiyin’s Stainless Divine Soul. As such, the soul pressure of the Primordial Azure Dragon he currently materialized had also reached its peak.


 Furthermore, the calm and cool expression on Yun Che’s face and the lack of any signs of exhaustion or strain on his body told Qianye Ying’er one thing. It was clear that he could now maintain this skill with ease and he could use it for quite a bit longer.


 “Ah... Ugh... You...” Long Bai’s hoarse yells had stilled completely. He too was curling up in fear. His spine, which had just been mended back together, had started to slant once more and he could not straighten it for a very long time.


 “Hmph.”


 This calm and soft snort caused the souls of all the Venerable Withered Dragons, Dragon Gods, Dragon Sovereigns, Master Dragons, Blue Dragons, Chi Dragons, and Hui Dragons to shudder violently.


 “Dragon Monarch? Dragon Gods?” Yun Che said in a deep and grim voice. His every word pierced the soul like a divine oracle being proclaimed from the heavens. “I am the Northern Divine Region Devil Master, but I am also the Dragon God reborn! In front of me, who dares to call himself Dragon Monarch? Who dares to call themselves Dragon Gods!?”


 He started slowly walking forward as he said those words. Every single step brought the draconic might of his dragon soul closer. It pressed down heavily on the hearts of all the dragons present, making them feel as if they could not breathe.


 The five Venerable Withered Dragons and seven Dragon Gods stood rooted in place as their faces turned even whiter.


 They desperately tried to rouse their wills and tell themselves that this wasn’t true. However, the shuddering of their very souls caused their wills to automatically collapse. This was not something that could be faked, and it wasn’t something they could overcome with the force of sheer will and determination.


 After all, their blood and souls, the things they took the most pride in, had originated from the legacy of the Primordial Dragon God.


 Even the name of their race, “dragon god”, was born out of their unsurpassed reverence and admiration for the true dragon gods.


 Even if their founding ancestor was here, he too would bend his head and kneel!


 Long Yi fiercely gritted his teeth and forced his eyes away from the figure of the dragon soaring above his head. He raised a withered hand and pointed a finger at Yun Che. He used all of his willpower to barely utter a single intelligible word, “You...”


 “I thought I told you to kneel!!?” Yun Che gave an explosive roar as his eyes widened to limit.


 ROOOOOAAAAAAAAR!!!!!!


 As the Azure Dragon gave an angry roar, the ancient heavenly might that was already heavily suppressing all the dragons present skyrocketed. It violently shook the souls of all the dragons, and the ones kneeling dropped to all fours as their heads knocked against the ground. Their spirits had been completely and utterly crushed.


 Thud!


 The willpower that had been holding up the five Venerable Withered Dragons and seven Dragon Gods collapsed all at once. The seven Dragon Gods fell to their knees with a loud thump... and in the next instant, the five mighty Venerable Withered Dragons softly sank to their knees one after the other. Their faces were as white as a sheet and their eyes were bulging to the point of bursting.


 All of the profound practitioners of the Northern Divine Region stared at the scene with dumbfounded looks on their faces. They had been completely and utterly stunned by this turn of events. The darkness profound energy that they had just used all of their strength to gather soundlessly dissipated amidst their total shock.


 Just a moment ago, the Venerable Withered Dragons and Dragon Gods had been spouting words like “must not be allowed to live” and “completely annihilated”. But now, all of them were kneeling before their Devil Master.


 This scene would forever be recorded in the annals of the God Realm, until the heavens and earth themselves collapsed.


 This time, as they stared at him in shock, all of them were once again firmly convinced that their Devil Master... was the reincarnation of one of the primordial Devil Emperors.


 If not, how could the might of his soul alone cause all of these mighty Dragon Gods to kneel and quake before him!?


 The Chi Dragon Emperor and Hui Dragon Emperor, who were both standing in the back, had also started to sink to their knees. Their souls were shaking in violent terror and when they tried to will themselves back to their feet, the all-consuming dread simply forced them down to their knees. They couldn’t go against this instinctual fear that had overridden their mighty wills.


 Among the four dragon realms, only the Blue Dragon Emperor was still standing in her original spot.


 The dragon god race was the strongest among the dragon races of this era, so they were the ones who were most affected by the soul might of the Primordial Azure Dragon.


 The Qilin Emperor felt as if a thousand mountains were weighing down on his back. However, since he was not a member of the dragon race, his soul had not collapsed in fear and submission. He quickly and furtively swept the area with his eyes and discovered the Blue Dragon Emperor still standing proudly. Her draconic energy was wildly surging out of her body as she resisted the unsurpassable draconic might that radiated from the primordial Dragon God.


 He swiftly weighed the current situation before suddenly sending a sound transmission to the Blue Dragon Emperor. “Kneel down!”


 He had also chosen to kneel even as he sent that sound transmission. Even though he was moving of his own will, he sank to his knees just like the dragons and assumed a pose of complete submission.


 The Qilins behind him also swiftly followed after they heard his sound transmission. All of them fell to their knees and bent their heads before Yun Che... Although they had been extremely reluctant to do such a humiliating thing, they were able to swallow it. Even the Venerable Withered Dragons and Dragon Gods had fallen to their knees, so it was something that beings greater than they had no choice but to submit to.


 As the Qilin Emperor’s voice thundered in many ears, the Blue Dragon Emperor frowned, but she ultimately decided to sink to her knees soon after.


 Only the Divine Masters of the Myriad Manifestations God Realm remained standing.


 This moment of manifest superiority should have been a moment to remember, something that they would normally have taken great pride in. However, the only thing that was swirling in their hearts right now was a deep-seated unease.


 Yun Che continued to move forward and his every step seemed to stomp heavily on the hearts of everyone present. He calmly moved past the five Venerable Withered Dragons and the seven Dragon Gods.


 All of them were still kneeling, their muscles spasming violently, but their bodies simply didn’t listen to their commands. They were paralyzed in place and the only thing they could do was to make unintelligible grunts as Yun Che moved past them.


 To think that these beings, who stood at the very top of the current universe, were actually being so forcefully suppressed. If the people here had not personally witnessed or experienced it, they definitely wouldn’t have believed that such a thing could happen... and this was especially true for the Dragon Gods themselves.


 When Yun Che finally stopped, he was standing in front of Long Bai once again.


 Long Bai, the supreme ruler of this era, was kneeling before Yun Che once again... Of course, if Long Bai had a choice, as the Dragon Monarch, he would rather kneel toward a mere beast or be smited on the spot than kneel to Yun Che.


 Unfortunately for him, his dragon soul, which had been completely cowed into submission, robbed him of the ability to refuse or struggle. Even committing suicide was nothing more than an extravagant wish for him right now.


 What a pitiful sight he was.


 His hatred for Yun Che ran deep. It was so deep that it had sunk into his very bones. As a result, even the fearful shuddering of his soul was unable to suppress the bone-cutting hatred emanating from his eyes.


 “Do you understand now?” Yun Che calmly asked as he arched an eyebrow. “If I wanted to crush you to death, I could have done so from the very beginning, and it would have been no different from stepping on an ant.”


 “Sadly, you wouldn’t have been able to accept that result nor would you have shown such an ugly side of you if I had done that.”


 Yun Che chuckled, but his laugh contained a trace of gloomy melancholy. After all, no matter how much he abused or humiliated Long Bai, it would never be able to awaken those devils who had gone to their eternal rest... nor would it be able to help him find Shen Xi.


 Even though he still did not understand why Shen Xi had chosen to seduce him all those years ago, even though he knew that they had absolutely no relationship to speak of, a man would be smitten for his entire life if he laid his eyes on Shen Xi. Besides, they had...


 “You... Die...” Long Bai’s lips shuddered as he barely managed to gasp two barely intelligible words.


 “Heh.” Yun Che gave a cold chuckle, one which contained no pity or remorse whatsoever. “You’ve been dreaming your entire life. To think that you’d still be lost in your dreams even when you’re nothing more than a dog with a broken back.”


 “It’s too bad for you, because I’m not gonna die! If I do die in the future, it won’t have anything to do with you either! After all, I would find it disgusting for the so-called Dragon Monarch to kneel down and lick my feet, so killing me is naturally out of the question! Moreover, you...”


 Yun Che’s eyebrows started to knit together as his voice suddenly turned deep and grim. “When I saw that palm strike that I thought... had cost me Xuanyin... outside the Blue Pole Star... I immediately made a venomous vow... that I would definitely... make you experience the worst humiliation, despair, and pain in this world... before I granted you a dog’s death!”


 Mu Xuanyin, “...”


 “You, as the rabid dog you are, even killed Shen Xi, and today, you killed so many of my followers, people who had abandoned everything and pledged their loyalty to me... You robbed them of their right to witness the ascension of the Northern Divine Region, a result they had sacrificed their blood and their lives to obtain!”


 “So tell me, how exactly... should... I... KILL YOU!!?”


 Bang!!


 Yun Che kicked the Dragon Monarch again. Unlike the last kick, this kick wasn’t heavy but it sent the defenseless Long Bai tumbling several kilometers. His dragon bones and dragon muscles were completely shredded by that kick.


 It was clear that Yun Che wasn’t willing to let him die yet. After all, the pain and despair he had experienced was far from enough!


 He raised both his hands, his eyes glowing with an infinitely pure black light. All of the lights in the world immediately dimmed as it turned as dark and cold as some devilish hell in the blink of an eye. All of a sudden, it seemed as if all of the dark energy in the world was surging out of him.


 A devilish wind wildly danced in the Deep Sea Divine Region.


 The profound practitioners of the Northern Divine Region, whose profound veins had practically been drained of all darkness profound energy, found themselves undergoing a revival! They felt their darkness profound energy swiftly returning and flowing through their veins at extreme speed. Their tired and turbid eyes started to shine with devilish light that grew deeper and deeper. Even their injuries were mending at an astonishing speed as their renewed darkness profound energy coursed through their bodies.
Witness the genesis of this narrative, streaming from Nøv€lß¡n★

 Their devil blood churned in excitement as they realized what had just happened. It was the miraculous effects of Calamity and Misfortune!


 On the other end, the Divine Masters of the Western Region, who were already being seized by great shock and fear, felt as if they had been plunged into an abyss of darkness so cold that it pierced them to their souls.


 “Attack!”


 Yun Che waved a hand forward, his imperious command shaking the souls of all who were present. “Take up the wills of your deceased kinsmen who died in regret and unleash your dark fury upon your enemies... It does not matter how cruel or merciless you are... I want you to send them to a hell where they can never reincarnate... Leave none alive!”

