

Chapter 739 - Asgard Visitor

  

 Unknowingly, Yun Che had already stayed in Frozen Cloud Asgard for over a month.


 In this period of time, he was busy every single day. Following after Murong Qianxue, using the Overlord Pellets, he aided Jun Lianqie, Mu Lanyi, Chu Yueli, Feng Hanyue and Feng Hanxue in breaking through the Tyrant Profound Realm, and there wasn’t a single mistake or accident throughout the entire process.


 With this kind of method that did not require them to exert any effort, in merely a single day, they reached a level which they had once never dared hope to achieve in their entire lives. Even after more than a month had passed, this dream-like surprise had still yet to dissipate. In this period of time, all of them had been focused on quietly cultivating every day, stabilizing their profound strength with the assistance of the Ice Toad Jade that Yun Che refined.


 After the Frozen Cloud Seven Fairies, Yun Che began to raise the profound strength of the other Frozen Cloud disciples. Similarly, he made use of the Overlord Pellets, executing the same exact method and process as well. One difference was that the profound level of every Frozen Cloud disciple was different, and naturally, the amount of medicinal energy from the Overlord Pellets each of them could endure was different as well. The time spent on each of them was also different.


 Mu Lingxue, the strongest among them, had endured two Overlord Pellets, causing her profound strength to surge toward the Emperor Profound Realm in just two hours; in the following days, this made her feel like everything was like a dream. As for those young, newly admitted disciples, even half a pellet was hard for them to bear.


 Hence, to raise the profound strength of regular Frozen Cloud disciples, the amount of time used was far shorter in comparison to the Frozen Cloud Seven Fairies; however, the difficulty was not the least bit lower. Throughout the entire process, Yun Che similarly had to be in a state of complete concentration, along with his profound energy being fully released. Because the lower the profound strength, the weaker the physique one had; as such, he had to be even more careful in preventing any accidents from occurring.


 In about a month, he had already aided about three hundred Frozen Cloud girls in their profound strength breakthrough, without even committing a single failure.


 When looking at this newly appointed Asgard Master, not to mention their first male Asgard Master in history, the eyes of all Frozen Cloud girls no longer carried the least bit rejection and peculiarity... Instead, they were filled with admiration, as though they were looking at a divine being.


 It was presently noon, yet Yun Che, however, was not raising the Frozen Cloud disciples’ profound strength. Instead, he was sitting cross-legged by himself in the Ice Pavilion, slowly guiding the flow of profound energy inside his body. Just this morning, when he had completed raising the profound strength of Shui Wushuang, the profound energy in his entire body was suddenly thrown into great disorder. His vision instantly blackened, and his head plummeted onto the ground as his expression turned frighteningly pale. Shui Wushuang was so shocked; she did not even have the time to wear her snow robe as she hurriedly lifted him up... After a good while, she finally realized that Yun Che’s profound strength had suddenly broken through a bottleneck.


 From the third level of Emperor Profound Realm to the fourth level of Emperor Profound Realm.


 Yun Che possessed the Great Way of the Buddha, so even if he did not cultivate, his body would still automatically absorb the world’s elements. Even in his sleep, his power and physique would continue to rise, bringing about the rise in profound strength at the same time.


 The two biggest leaps in his physique and profound strength were when he was in the Primordial Profound Ark, and when he was at Golden Crow Lightning Flame Valley. The ice elements in Frozen Cloud Asgard were exceptionally lively. Though they could not be compared to the dimensional storms in the Primordial Profound Ark or the Sea of Death in Golden Crow Lightning Flame Valley, his speed of absorbing the world’s elements was still faster than other aspects by a small degree.


 After resting for about two hours, the profound energy in Yun Che’s body had long completely calmed down, and his profound strength had officially stepped into the fourth level of the Emperor Profound Realm. Raising the profound strength of the Frozen Cloud disciples was also an exceptionally strong degree of refinement for his profound energy. If no accidents were to occur, before his battle with Fen Juechen, his profound strength should be able to break through the fifth level of the Emperor Profound Realm.


 If he could obtain Feng Xue’er’s phoenix vital yin...


 At this moment, Yun Che’s eyes slowly opened, and outside the Ice Pavilion, Feng Xue’er’s gentle voice sounded, “Big Brother Yun, can I come in?”


 “Xue’er, hurry and come in,” Yun Che immediately said.


 The ice door was lightly pushed open, and Feng Xue’er walked in with gentle steps. At that instant, Yun Che’s eyes fiercely shone; his line of sight was firmly fixated on Feng Xue’er, and for a long while, he was in a state of rapture.


 The clothes Feng Xue’er wore were usually either gold or fiery red in color, but this time, she was wearing the pure, snow-white robe of Frozen Cloud Asgard.


 “Big Brother Yun, do I look beautiful?” She stood in front of Yun Che and displayed the look she had while wearing the Frozen Cloud Snow Robe. What she received in return was Yun Che’s already dazed gaze.


 Clothed in snow-white, the long dress stretched to the ground, and a pair of exquisite snow phoenix shoes could be faintly seen. Wrapped around her waist was a snow-white silk band, perfectly outlining her thin, slender waist, also allowing her pair of breasts to form an incomparably stunning voluptuous curves.


 When it came to the snow robes in Frozen Cloud Asgard, the regular disciples wore a different set from the Frozen Cloud Seven Fairies, and what Feng Xue’er was wearing belonged to the snow robes of the Frozen Cloud Seven Fairies. Yun Che was especially familiar with it, but what he was stunned about was not the snow robe, instead it was the young girl wearing it.


 Feng Xue’er’s skin was extremely white... like the purest of ice and snow; a lustrous white that was similar to the most flawless of white tallow jades. Even under the contrast of the pure white snow robe, even within the Ice Pavilion where no bright light was present, her skin was still dazzlingly lustrous white. Her face, as though it was carved with ice and snow, was adorned with thin, long crescent brows, and a pair of clear, deep eyes. Her fragrant cheeks were whiter than snow, her dimples were as beautiful as that of a poem or drawing, and the lipsticks worn on her pair of tender lips were as though they were drawn with the blood and soul of the heavens, beautiful to the point of stirring one’s heart.


 “My Xue’er... Naturally, no matter what you wear, you’re the most beautiful in the world,” Yun Che looked at her dazedly as he sincerely praised.


 Feng Xue’er spread out her arms as her smile bloomed. “This was gifted to me by Junior Master Hanyue. It’s very fitting, without the slightest bit of discomfort. And it’s very light and cool as well... Ah!”


 Amidst Feng Xue’er’s tender moan, Yun Che had already grasped her waist as he pulled her over to sit on his lap. Yun Che gently embraced her jade body as he spoke with a slightly sly demeanor, “Xue’er, you’re really beautiful to the point... where I don’t even know what I should do.”


 Feng Xue’er slightly curled up her body in Yun Che’s embrace, her fragrant cheeks were dyed with a faint pink as she timidly said in a gentle voice, “Big Brother Yun, you... you’re not going to... bully me again, right...”


 Every time he embraced Feng Xue’er’s soft fairy-like body, Yun Che’s body would always throb intensely to an uncontrollable extent. He approached Feng Xue’er’s face and gently said, “I didn’t think about it in the beginning, but with Xue’er’s reminder...”


 The moment his voice fell, Yun Che had already hugged Feng Xue’er tightly and sealed her supple lips. Then, he reveled in seizing the fragrance and sweetness from her mouth.


 “Nng,” Feng Xue’er cried out; the young girl’s shyness and timidness instantly turned into a red afterglow on her snow-white face.


 It was already not her first time to have her lips tasted by Yun Che. After her first kiss was snatched away half a month ago, Yun Che began wanting a mile after taking an inch, as he had to kiss her gently, tyrannically, shamelessly, or even when she was caught off-guard several times a day. Every time, she could only shyly yield to him... Because in the depths of her heart, she was already someone who was betrothed to Yun Che by her royal father.


 Her tender little hands powerlessly pushed Yun Che’s shoulders as she lightly panted, her pair of half-opened eyes were blurred like a fog... If the citizens of Divine Phoenix Empire were to see their Princess Snow, whom they regard as a goddess, was actually being bullied in such a way by a man, it might lead to a riot of the entire empire.


 While Feng Xue’er’s consciousness was blurry, she did not sense that her snow dress had already been silently lifted to her waist by a big, restless hand, revealing a pair of jade-like snow-white thighs. The silk band on her waist had already been removed as well, and with her snow robe pulled down, her finely crafted snow-skinned fragrant shoulders, which were as smooth as oil with a lustrous pink gloss, were revealed, as though the sun was shining upon the frost and snow during winter.


 Yun Che’s eyes were entranced, and he was simply unable to hold back the intense throbbing within his body. His hands were seemingly raised up uncontrollably, and they were placed on Xue’er’s exposed collarbone...


 Without the least bit of obstruction, his hands and her skin made contact, causing Feng Xue’er’s beautiful eyes to instantly widen. Like a startled rabbit, she leapt out of Yun Che’s embrace, panting while the light in her eyes were in disarray...


 “I... I’m going to return the snow robe to... to Junior Master Hanyue...”


 Feng Xue’er’s face and ears were crimson red. She tidied up her snow robe, which was pulled apart without her knowing in a fluster, as she ran off in a fleeing manner...


 “Haah...” Yun Che was a bit dejected as he flopped onto the ice bed.


 “You actually have yet to succeed. Aren’t you afraid of losing terribly under Fen Juechen’s hands!?” Jasmine coldly said. “There isn’t the slightest bit of rejection towards you in Feng Xue’er’s heart and soul. If you’re a little bit more forceful, you should have long obtained her phoenix vital yin.”


 “I obviously can’t do that!” Yun Che shook his head, muttering, “Matters like this must come gradually. Xue’er treats me with a pure heart. If I were to do it your way, I might frighten or even hurt her. Furthermore, obtaining her phoenix vital yin in order to exchange blows with Fen Juechen would make me feel as though I’m hurting and using Xue’er for my own benefits. I can’t do that... This is a matter of principles.”


 “Principles?” Jasmine snorted and coldly smiled. “When it comes to matters concerning women, you actually have the nerve to talk about principles... Hmph. As expected, your face is even thicker than a city wall.”


 “Heheh. Jasmine is still the one who is most familiar with the mere few good points that I possess.” Yun Che revealed a cheap smile.


 “...But looking at you, you don’t seem to be worried about the battle with Fen Juechen.”


 “I guess you can say that. After all, that guy, Fen Juechen, has a very big weakness in his personality,” Yun Che calmly said as he closed his eyes.


 “A weakness in his personality? You’re referring to...”


 “Ji Qianrou of Supreme Ocean Palace requests to see Frozen Cloud Asgard Master Yun Che!”


 At this moment, a light voice, which carried a hint of softness and gentleness in it, sounded from outside. Yun Che instantly stood up from the ice bed. “Ji Qianrou?”


 Why would he come here?


 ...Could it be that the person who would come to invite him to the Devil Sword Conference, whom Zi Ji had spoken of before, was referring to Ji Qianrou?


 From outside the door, Murong Qianxue’s voice reverberated, “Asgard Master, there’s a strange person outside the the asgard gate wanting to see you, claiming that he comes from Supreme Ocean Palace.”


 Yun Che stood up and walked out of the Ice Pavilion. Seeing Murong Qianxue and Mu Lanyi were currently standing there with heavy expressions, he hurriedly said, “Senior Masters, there’s no need to worry, and there’s no need to be vigilant either. He is one of my acquaintances, and the reason he’s here should be to send me something. Once I pick it up, I will return quickly. Tell Xue’er and the rest to not worry as well.”


 After saying that, Yun Che flew in the air and headed towards the asgard gate.


 “Someone from Supreme Ocean Palace... Asgard Master, please be careful,” Murong Qianxue and Mu Lanyi said in unison. Although Yun Che had already said there wasn’t a need to worry... that person was still someone from the Sacred Grounds.


 The moment he left Frozen Cloud Asgard, Yun Che saw that figure in front of the asgard gate. Dressed in an extraordinary white robe, his sleeves fluttered amidst the cold winds. He had masculine good looks, and his eyes were like the autumn waters, bearing a charm that was out of this world... This was a man who possessed beauty that could be described as beautiful to the point where even women would be envious of him.


 Jade-faced Demon Monarch—Ji Qianrou.


 Yun Che moved forward and gently cupped his fists. “Junior Yun Che greets Senior Ji. It’s been three years since we last met, and as expected, Senior Ji’s demeanor has grown more than before.”


 Ji Qianrou’s pair of delicate eyes were like peach blossoms, though they seem to carry a hint of bitterness. “If we’re talking about demeanor, when compared to Little Cheche, I’m quite far behind~”


 After hearing Ji Qianrou’s voice again after three years, Yun Che’s hair still stood on end as goosebumps spread all over his body. The moment Ji Qianrou’s voice fell, he reached out his right hand, and with a light twist of his scallion-like jade finger, a faint blue petal came out of nowhere. Following the gentle wave of his finger, it lightly floated towards Yun Che.
The link to the origin of this information resides within Nøv€lß¡n★

 The faint blue petal looked no different from a regular petal. It slowly approached Yun Che, as though it was being blown by a gentle breeze. The cold winds here were wild and rampant, yet they did not influence the flight path of the petal. Rather... the cold winds that approached it seemed to have been absorbed into a large invisible swirl, disappearing without a trace. 

 As the petal approached, Yun Che’s face was still filled with smiles. Directly reaching out his fingers, he casually caught the petal between two of his fingers, and then held it within his hand. When he opened his palm again, the petal had already disappeared without a trace... There wasn’t a single sound throughout the entire process, nor was there even the least bit of movement of profound energy.


 “Thank you for your gift, Senior Ji,” Yun Che said with a smile.


 “Haah.” Ji Qianrou once again let out a light, bitter sigh. “As expected, Little Cheche is the same as the rumors say. It’s only been three years since we last met, yet you have already thrown me far behind. In the future, I’m afraid I can’t even enter Little Cheche’s eyes.”


 “~！@#￥%...” Yun Che maintained his smile with all his might, however, his tone was especially sincere. “This junior has never dared to forget Senior Ji’s saving grace at the Primordial Profound Ark three years ago. If there’s anything I can repay Senior Ji with, this junior will definitely spare no efforts to do so.”


 The light in Ji Qianrou’s eyes swirled, flickering with a touch of surprise. Then, he gave a delicate smile. “Back then, what I did at the Primordial Profound Ark was merely playing a game with Little Hanhan, and at the same time, returning a favor of yours. It isn’t as exaggerated as you make it out to be, so there’s no need to bring up matters of repaying me. Returning things like favors back and forth is just too annoying. This time, I’m here especially under the orders of our Supreme Ocean Palace Great Elder to pass something to Little Cheche.”


 This Chapter’s Teaser

