

Chapter 1489 - Qianye’s True Appearance

 “You... planted the slave imprint on her?” Mu Xuanyin finally spoke... That was the only possibility that she could think of even if it was the most ridiculous and impossible thing in this universe.


 “Mn, hehe.” Yun Che could not help but let out a satisfied chuckle. The extremely contorted reactions from his surroundings did not seem to be the least bit exaggerated at the mention of him planting the slave imprint on Qianye Ying’er and he said, “Master is so smart.”


 He suddenly quivered violently after speaking and hurriedly corrected himself, “This disciple... this disciple is saying that Master is wise.”


 He still “revered” her so, even with the Brahma Monarch Goddess as his slave. A strange gleam flitted across Mu Xuanyin’s icy eyes before she managed to calm down, “So this was Qingyue’s reason for taking you with her?”


 She was most aware of just how capable Yun Che was. But she definitely did not believe that Yun Che had the capability of accomplishing this by himself.


 “Yes,” Yun Che replied honestly. “If Master wishes to know, this disciple will inform you of the details.”


 Mu Xuanyin turned around and said, “Everything is alright, you may all leave.”


 “Ah... yes.”


 Everyone took a long while to react and respond to Mu Xuanyin’s order. Though they managed to recover in the end, the shock still raged about in their hearts like an enormous tidal wave. As they were leaving, they continued to look back and forth at Yun Che and the Brahma Monarch Goddess as their internal organs trembled violently.


 How many heroes from the God Realm could even dream of even stealing a glance at Qianye Ying’er? Even after bitterly pursuing the Brahma Monarch Goddess for so many years, the number one god emperor of the Southern Region had not even managed to lay a single finger on her. Yet, she was actually... willing to be Yun Che’s slave!?


 This was surely... No, if news of this got out, it would be the most unbelievable, most incredible and most ridiculous thing that anyone had ever heard of.


 The Dragon Queen and Goddess were rumored to be the most dazzling women in the universe and possessed sixty percent of the universe’s elegance and beauty! The Dragon Queen was the Dragon Monarch’s wife and while the husband of the Goddess would not be able to compare to the Dragon Monarch in the eyes of the world, he should at least be someone of a god emperor level. Who would have thought she would belong to Yun Che... and was even his slave at that!


 Putting aside his title as God Child Messiah and other exalted titles, just based on the sole fact that he had obtained the Goddess, the world would see Yun Che as someone who was on par with the Dragon Monarch.


 One could well imagine... No, it was unimaginable just how deranged and jealous those god children and god emperors of the king realms would become, based on how much they adored, yearned and wished to possess the Brahma Monarch Goddess.


 “Slave Ying, stand up,” Yun Che said indifferently but he did not allow her to follow him. “Stay here and guard this place. You’re not allowed to go anywhere without my orders!”


 “Yes.” The innate cold majesty and haughtiness contained in Qianye Ying’er’s gaze and expression made it so that others were unable to look straight at her or even dare to approach her. But the tone of her reply sounded exceptionally obedient.


 Yun Che explained to Mu Xuanyin in detail about the process of how they managed to trick Qianye Ying’er when they went back to the Sacred Hall.


 Mu Xuanyin was definitely one of the people that he trusted the most in this whole world and he would never conceal anything from her.


 No words could express the throbbing in his heart, especially when he found out from Xia Qingyue that Mu Xuanyin risked implicating the Snow Song Realm to rescue him from great danger four years ago,


 As Yun Che was explaining, Mu Xuanyin did not interrupt or say anything, but her gaze kept changing... Especially when he talked about how Xia Qingyue had so easily guessed that he could control darkness profound energy.


 “The number one god emperor and number one goddess in the Eastern Region, the two people who were said to be the most terrifying people in the whole Eastern Region, to think that they would actually be so easily toyed within the palm of her hand.” Mu Xuanyin frowned and said in a low voice, “The Heart of Snow Glazed Glass from the rumors is truly shocking...”


 “Qingyue has indeed changed drastically.” After thinking for a while, Yun Che had still decided to say, “It’s so drastic that even I’m a little afraid.”


 “She would be the last person in this universe who would hurt you, so what do you have to be afraid of? Take this instance as an example, where she undertook all the risks but left all the benefits to you.”


 Mu Xuanyin seemed to be slightly moved as she said, “You should be glad that she is not your enemy.”


 Yun Che, “Mn...”


 “Although this move will shock the world, it is indeed an extremely great outcome for you,” Mu Xuanyin said unhurriedly. “There is not a more perfect and reassuring protector than the slave imprint in this entire universe. Moreover, Qianye Ying’er’s strength can be compared to a god emperor and you even have the Eternal Heaven God Emperor as a witness. Anyone would be relieved about your safety with her protection.”


 Although Yun Che had the protection of the Heaven Smithing Devil Emperor, she would not be able to protect him all the time. It would be easy for many people to harm him, if they did not care about the consequences.


 But Qianye Ying’er, who had the slave imprint planted on her, would be by Yun Che’s side and it would be hard for anyone to still feel uneasy.


 “Now, you have the Brahma Monarch Goddess as your slave as well as the protection of the Eternal Heaven God Realm and Moon God Realm. Even without the backing of the Heaven Smithing Devil Emperor, you are able to do as you please in the Eastern Divine Region.” Mu Xuanyin let out a soft sigh and it was hard to decipher her feelings as she said those words.


 “I also have Master,” Yun Che said immediately. “Master is the greatest and most important protector god to me... you always have been.”


 “...” Mu Xuanyin’s icy pupils trembled slightly. As Yun Che stared at her continuously and refused to look away, she could sense that he seemed to already know what occurred four years ago.


 Mu Xuanyin turned around and coldly said, “Yun Che, I’ll say it once more. Mu Feixue is my only direct disciple, you have already stopped being my disciple a long time ago!”


 “...” Yun Che did not reply.


 Mu Xuanyin had a complicated gaze in her eyes... perhaps she herself was still perplexed and at a loss. She sighed gently and said, “You should get down to business. The safety of the entire Primal Chaos rests on the whims of the Heaven Smithing Devil Emperor. Even if it’s just for your own sake, you must do your best.”


 “This disciple understands,” Yun Che agreed and continued, “But before that, this disciple wants to go somewhere first.”


 Mu Xuanyin, “?”


 “The God Realm of Absolute Beginning.” Yun Che took in a breath and softly said, “I think... I must bring her back.”


 Mu Xuanyin slightly closed her eyes for a while. But immediately after, instead of stopping him, she spoke with an incomparably composed voice, “Ever since the day the Devil Emperor returned, this universe has already become one that is ruled by the devils. It is just that the Heaven Smithing Devil Emperor has yet to announce this to the world.”


 Mu Xuanyin’s words were true. All who knew about the return of the Heaven Smithing Devil Emperor also knew about this hidden truth. “Then the Evil Infant, who has always been rejected by the entire world, could perhaps be tolerated by the world now. It is also very likely that the world would perhaps have no choice but to accept her. To the both of you, this is a huge opportunity. You... should indeed look for her.”


 Mu Xuanyin words seemed to be exactly the same as what Xia Qingyue had said.


 Yun Che raised his head and stared blankly at Mu Xuanyin’s back. He was momentarily at a loss for words.


 The reason why Xia Qingyue had not rejected darkness profound energy and the Evil Infant was because she had been born in the lower realms and did not have the deep-rooted knowledge that those from the God Realm possessed. But Mu Xuanyin... she had tolerated his darkness profound energy and now, she had even asked him to search for the intolerable Evil Infant that had terrified the universe.


 “She turned into the Evil Infant because of you and would definitely not hold back any of her powers for you. If you are able to find her, you would have another power of that level by your side. By then, even if the universe would still not be able to tolerate her existence, you would also become someone that the universe would not dare to provoke.”


 “If you want to go, then go now.”


 The God Realm of Absolute Beginning was an extremely dangerous place for Yun Che. But not much anxiousness was detected in Mu Xuanyin’s words as he had the protection of the Brahma Monarch Goddess.


 Also, rumor had it that Brahma Monarch Goddess was the person who was most familiar with the God Realm of Absolute Beginning. She had entered the God Realm of Absolute Beginning countless of times, even more than any of the other god emperors of the Eastern Region.


 ............


 In the Primal Chaos Dimension, the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace flew swiftly towards the center of the Primal Chaos. Although it was not at full speed, it would definitely leave most Divine Masters in the dust.


 One would at least require the profound strength of a Divine Sovereign to enter the God Realm of Absolute Beginning... That was right! Even a Divine Sovereign who could dominate a region in the God Realm would only be a door still in the God Realm of Absolute Beginning. Even if it were a Divine King entering, he would purely be seeking death.


 Yun Che did not enter to train or to seek opportunities, he only wanted to find Jasmine.
N0v3lTr0ve served as the original host for this chapter's release on N0v3l--B1n.

 Yun Che could hardly even wait for a day ever since he found out from Xia Qingyue that she would definitely be at the God Realm of Absolute Beginning.


 Jasmine, I originally thought that I had lost you forever. Hearing news of you being still alive sounded like the most beautiful celestial music I have ever heard. What Evil Infant bringing disaster to the universe... As long as you are still alive, everything else is inconsequential.


 You knew from the start that I had the Flame of Nirvana that was bestowed to me by the Phoenix Spirit, so you must also know that I am still alive... But you did not search for me or even appear to anyone else in these few years.


 I know why...


 No one understands you better than I do in this universe.


 This time, I will never let you run away, no matter that.


 The vast space swiftly receded as the God Realm of Absolute Beginning approached closer and closer. In the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace, Qianye Ying’er stood by his side in silence, her fluttering golden hair caressed the alluring curves of her lower back and buttocks.


 This could be counted as the first time Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er were alone together. But the terrifying aura originating from her bloodline and profound veins still made him tremble at times.


 He would still require a longer time to adjust to his role as the master of a goddess.


 “Slave Ying,” Yun Che ordered suddenly with a firm and dignified tone, “take off your mask!”


 He had never seen the true appearance of Qianye Ying’er and it seemed that it had been many years since anyone had seen it also.


 Many years ago, Qianye Ying’er started and continued to wear a mask to cover her countenance, only revealing a small part of her jade face consisting of her lips and jaw. Because of this, rumors said that her true appearance had brought her too many inconveniences. Another rumor said that it was because Qianye Ying’er felt that men were not fit to look at her appearance.


 Whatever the reason was, everyone knew that she was the only one who was as equally famous as Shen Xi for her appearance.


 Yun Che would always be struck by the surreal feeling of falling into a dream-like fairy realm every time he came face to face with Shen Xi.


 Shen Xi’s beauty seemed so surreal that it was as if the universe was unworthy to have someone as beautiful as her and even dreams did not deserve someone like her. Unless it was witnessed personally, one would definitely not be able to believe that a woman could be so beautiful...


 If they had seen her appearance, no one would be bewildered as to why the Dragon Monarch was so infatuated with her.


 Yun Che would go exceptionally crazy everytime she was pressed under his body... so much so that he felt like he would have no regrets even if he died ten thousand times, every time it happened.


 Shen Xi was someone who was that “terrifying”.


 Since her beauty seemed to be beyond this world and even beyond dreams themselves, would Qianye Ying’er be able to compare to her?


 In all honesty, Yun Che had his doubts.


 “Yes.” Qianye Ying’er softly agreed as she lifted her hand to gently touch the mask. Immediately, her golden mask silently fell into her hands.


 She had not shown her true appearance to anyone for a very long time, but now, her face, which was right in front of Yun Che, had been fully revealed to him.


 At this moment, the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace suddenly turned silent because Yun Che’s breathing, heartbeat, and even the blood flowing through his veins had all stopped moving.


 The bright moonlight that illuminated the surroundings of the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace seemed to darken and turn dim to the point where no one could sense their existence.


 Yun Che stared silently and dazedly at her. His body did not move an inch and his pupils seemed to be thoroughly fixed to a spot as if he had been cursed... every part of his vision, every part of his soul seemed to be drawn in by a force that he could not resist before he fell into a never-ending abyss...


 Time seemed to have completely stopped.


 Bang!


 It was as if the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace had struck a meteorite as a dull and muffled explosion rang out.


 Yun Che narrowed his eyes as he violently jerked his head to the side. He closed his eyes tightly and took coarse breaths. His chest rose and fell heavily, as if he had just experienced a life and death battle which had lasted for a few days.


 “Put your mask on.” Yun Che breathed raggedly and said, “Without my orders, you must never take it off!”

