

Chapter 1799 - The War Between Ying and Zhi

 



 “I have also sent people into the Western Divine Region to pay full attention to the movements of the Dragon God Realm. However, the Dragon God Realm has remained strangely quiet and there are no overt signs of any movement taking place there. This honestly puzzles me a little.”


 “Logically speaking, even if the Dragon Monarch is abroad, they will still be compelled to respond to such a huge matter.” Cang Shitian expressed both his opinion and suspicions unreservedly as a demonstration of his ability and his loyalty to Yun Che.


 After he finished speaking, he covertly snuck a look at Yun Che to see his reaction. Unfortunately for him, he discovered that Yun Che’s expression hadn’t changed at all.


 The wheels in his head turned before he continued speaking, “Your Magnificence, the silence of the Dragon God Realm is actually rather unsettling. I will immediately mobilize all the spies I have in the Western Divine Region to observe the Dragon God Realm for any movement. Also, while the Ten Directions Deep Sea Realm has been faithfully fulfilling your commands, we have also been preparing our troops and resources. Thus, we will be able to immediately rally to your command with all of our forces the moment conflict erupts with the Dragon God Realm.”


 “Your troops?” Yun Che swept his eyes over Cang Shitian before giving a soft snort. “There’s no need for them. Whether it’s the Southern Divine Region or the Eastern Divine Region, I only have two expectations of you lot. The first is to prostrate yourself obediently before me and the second is to not stab me in the back. As for your help? I desire none of it, especially if it’s from your Ten Directions Deep Sea Realm.”


 The Eastern Divine Region had been pacified and the Southern Divine Region had been suppressed, so they wouldn’t pose any threat to him during the final fight against the Western Divine Region.


 However, to use them in battle...


 The only king realm that could be relied upon in the Eastern Divine Region was the Brahma Monarch Realm controlled by Qianye Ying’er. The Star God Realm may also be of use, but the upper star realms were mostly useless.


 As for the Southern Divine Region? Adding them to his troops would only be detrimental to the cause.


 Being trampled and defeated did not only produce feelings of submission and fear, it also produced feelings of discontent and resentment. Turning the star realms of the Eastern Divine Region and Southern Divine Region would take a long time. At the very least, it would be impossible for him to do so before the war with the Western Divine Region.


 Forcefully pushing them into battle would only result in them becoming the greatest vulnerabilities in his forces, a group of wild cards who could backstab him at any time.


 They could only be used as fodder.


 In the fight against the Western Divine Region, he would have to ultimately rely on his own strength once more.


 Cang Shitian’s expression turned somber as he fell to his knees and exclaimed, “Your Magnificence! It is indeed not beneficial for you to use the other realms, but I, Shitian, am devoted to you, the heavens and earth be my witness! If you are still worried, I can even swear a venomous oath right now...”


 “A venomous oath? There’s no need for that.” A cold smile of contempt flitted across Yun Che’s face. “There’s nothing more cheap and worthless in the world as that. The only thing you need to do is to obediently listen to me and do your work well by managing things in the Southern Divine Region. I said that I would spare you, so I naturally won’t go back on my word.”


 “Yes, I understand,” Cang Shitian hurriedly replied. “Shitian definitely won’t let you down. I will keep constant tabs on the Xuanyuan Realm and Purple Micro Realm. If we detect any strange movement there, Your Magnificence will be the first to know.”


 At this time, Yun Che’s right eyebrow suddenly twitched. He waved a hand and an orb that radiated a strange and bewitching light appeared. A thick and heavy sound transmission profound formation immediately spread out from that orb once it appeared.


 When Cang Shitian probed the sound transmission profound formation with his senses, he immediately deduced that it was an extremely high-level one which could transmit messages across regions. He immediately said, “Shitian will take his leave first. If Your Magnificence has any instructions for me, please feel free to call upon your servant.”


 After he finished speaking, he swiftly retreated and left his imperial hall. He maintained his posture of respect even as he flew very far away.


 After Cang Shitian left, Qianye Ying’er gently pushed against the air with her hand and swiftly erected a sound isolation barrier. Once she did that, Yun Che immediately activated the sound transmission profound formation.


 The voice of the Eighth Witch Yu Wu rang out from the profound formation.
Ñ00v€l--ß1n hosted the premiere release of this chapter.

 “Reporting to the Devil Master. The attention of the Dragon God Realm has successfully been drawn to the west. Meanwhile all of our core forces have begun to secretly move toward the south. Our initial movement will not be fast, but we will definitely be able to link up with you within the span of ten days.”


 “Very good,” Yun Che said appreciatively. “Is there any news from the Dragon God Realm?”


 “Master wants me to tell the Devil Master that the Dragon Monarch will only be returning to his realm after two months have passed. As such, the Dragon God Realm won’t make any grand movements until then.”


 Looks of stunned amazement appeared on the faces of Yun Che, Qianye Ying’er, and Caizhi at the exact same moment.


 The Dragon God Realm’s most normal and logical reaction to their killing of the Ash Dragon God should have been furious rage. Even if the Dragon Monarch was absent, their response shouldn’t be to wait for an entire two months.”


 “How does the Witch Queen know that the Dragon Monarch will return in...” Yun Che already remembered the answer to his question before he finished it.


 Chi Wuyao had definitely gleaned this information from Zhou Xuzi, whose soul she had secretly hijacked.


 Given Zhou Xuzi’s level of personal power and his previous status, he would naturally be allowed to be in close contact with the Dragon Gods. Furthermore, even if the Dragon Gods didn’t trust anyone else, they definitely wouldn’t ever suspect Zhou Xuzi. After all, no one would dare say that they hated Yun Che more than Zhou Xuzi.


 What’s more, this spy didn’t even know that he was a spy!


 Thus, it was very likely that Chi Wuyao had used Zhou Xuzi to deliver a strange message that convinced the Dragon Gods to stay their hand for two months.


 Yun Che immediately switched topics instead of continuing from where he left off. “Since we can confirm that the Dragon God Realm won’t make any big moves, is there a need for us to so carefully conceal our movement to the south?”


 Yu Wu replied, “Even though the Dragon God Realm won’t make any big moves, they’re not going to let the Ash Dragon God’s death go. Master did not want Your Magnificence to find out about this originally, but she suddenly changed her mind before she left.”


 “Master said that the feint toward the north has lured over two Dragon Gods. She is going out to meet them in battle.”


 “Which two?” Yun Che asked with furrowed brows. The words “did not want Your Magnificence to find out about this originally” suddenly caused him to feel uneasy.


 “The Pure Dragon God and the Crimson Destruction Dragon God.”


 The air instantly froze as the look on Qianye Ying’er’s jade face dramatically changed. She immediately exclaimed, “What!?”


 “Hurry up and stop her!” Qianye Ying’er exclaimed in a serious voice. “She’s not the Crimson Destruction Dragon God’s match... even if she is Chi Wuyao.”


 Qianye Ying’er instantly understood Chi Wuyao’s goal.


 If the Dragon God Realm messed up their revenge strike against the devils, it would result in a huge loss of face and further enrage them. Therefore, if Chi Wuyao managed to beat the Crimson Destruction Dragon God, the strongest Dragon God in the Dragon God Realm and the person who was inferior only to the Dragon Monarch himself, in a one on one duel, it would deal an incomparably huge blow to the confidence and conviction of the Dragon God Realm and the Western Divine Region.


 However, Chi Wuyao had never made direct contact with a Dragon God before. There was no way for her to understand the Crimson Destruction Dragon God’s true power.


 Qianye Ying’er, on the other hand, knew full well just how terrifying he was.


 The Crimson Destruction Dragon God had been the top Dragon God in the Dragon God Realm for over two hundred thousand years, but he very rarely showed his face in public. As a result, the rumors and stories regarding him had slowly decreased over the years. In the current minds of the God Realm’s profound practitioners, the Crimson Destruction Dragon God’s power and status was considered lower than both Qianye Fantian and Nan Wansheng, the two top god emperors after the Dragon Monarch.


 However, Qianye Fantian had told her something from a very early age. Even though he and Nan Wansheng had always been fighting over who was the strongest god emperor after the Dragon Monarch, there were actually two existences in this world he could never defeat in a fight.


 The first was the Dragon Monarch. The second was neither an emperor or a king, but he also originated from the Dragon God Realm.


 The Crimson Destruction Dragon God!


 Furthermore, the Crimson Destruction Dragon God hadn’t shown his power for far too many years, so his present strength... was something that even Qianye Fantian had not dared to estimate.


 In Qianye Fantian’s power rankings, Chi Wuyao was “terrifying”, but the Crimson Destruction Dragon God was “someone who he could never beat in a fight”. Chi Wuyao was now going to meet the strongest Dragon God in battle, even though she did not know the limit of his power. Furthermore, this Dragon God had been slowly growing his strength in the shadows for over two hundred thousand years. To Qianye Ying’er, this was an extremely unwise move.


 Qianye Ying’er’s words caused Yun Che’s brow to sink even further. “Where is she right now? Has she already made her move?”


 The dramatic change in Qianye Ying’er and Yun Che’s tone also caused Yu Wu’s voice to grow anxious. “Master, she... If you calculate the time that has already passed, Master has probably reached the border of the Northern Divine Region, and those two Dragon Gods... are also about to arrive.”


 Yun Che sprang to his feet and shouted in a voice so deep and heavy that it sounded like the gong of a demonic bell. “Immediately send a sound transmission to her and tell her to retreat! This is an order! It is not to be defied!”


 Qianye Ying’er first reaction to the news had been far too intense. This made him feel like Chi Wuyao was in grave danger at the moment.


 “...” A girl’s anxious breathing could be heard through the sound transmission profound formation. Yu Wu’s voice had started to tremble with anxiety when she replied, “Master... cut herself off from any sound transmissions after she left... She may have done this because she did not want to be disturbed.”


 Yun Che, “...!!”


 “Oh, that’s right!” Yu Wu’s voice suddenly brightened up. “The Devil Master need not worry too much. Master isn’t alone, she brought Jie Xin and Jie Ling with her.”


 After that, the sound transmission profound formation closed. Upon hearing that Jie Xin and Jie Ling were moving together with their master, some tension bled out of Yun Che’s heart, yet the knot between his brow simply refused to go away.


 “You’re that worried?” Qianye Ying’er asked in a slightly mocking fashion.


 “...Even someone like her wouldn’t have a chance of victory over the Crimson Destruction Dragon God?” Yun Che asked with tightly-knit eyebrows.


 “She has no chance of victory.” Qianye Ying’er’s reply was swift and blunt.


 She had gained sufficient understanding of Chi Wuyao over the last couple of years. The most terrifying part about her lay in her unfathomable soul power. She wasn’t even Yan Tianxiao’s equal when it came to cultivation in the profound way.


 To make the point even more clear, even after Yan Tianxiao had been tempered and refined by the Eternal Calamity of Darkness, he still barely managed to keep up with Qianye Fantian. If that was the case, how could Chi Wuyao have any hopes of beating the Crimson Destruction Dragon God.


 However, Qianye Ying’er, whose reaction had been the most violent initially, had grown far calmer than Yun Che at this moment. Her tone changed as she continued, “If it was someone else, I would think that they had overestimated themselves and made a rash decision.”


 “But this is Chi Wuyao we are talking about, the words ‘rash’ and ‘brainless’ don’t exist in her dictionary.”


 “Even though she doesn’t really know much about the Crimson Destruction Dragon God, how much can the Crimson Destruction Dragon God know about her? Moreover, the one who will be more likely to let their guard down in this fight will be the Crimson Destruction Dragon God. That is because he has never truly taken anyone except the Dragon Monarch seriously.”


 “Now that I’ve stopped to think about it, I actually think it is the Crimson Destruction Dragon God I should worry about.”


 Yun Che fell into a long period of silence, but the knot in his brow had finally loosened.


 Once she sensed Yun Che’s emotions changing, Qianye Ying’er blew out a soft sigh of relief... If Chi Wuyao could see him right now, she would be very satisfied.


 “How about the Pure Dragon God?” Yun Che asked.


 “She is rumored to be a pure-hearted Dragon God with little to no worldly desires,” Qianye Ying’er replied. “She also very rarely appears in public and even I have never seen her before. She is the one with the least presence amongst the Nine Dragon Gods. However, she is still one of the Nine Dragon Gods, so her strength isn’t to be underestimated.”


 “What’s more, she is also ranked higher than the Ash Dragon God.”


 “If she is pure-hearted and devoid of desires, it also means that it will be hard to find any weaknesses to exploit,” Yun Che said in a low voice.


 “After Jie Xin and Jie Ling received your personal instruction, their strength has grown by leaps and bounds,” Qianye Ying’er said with a dry chuckle. “Their hearts and minds are one and their darkness profound energy mixes together flawlessly, so if the two of them fight together, they might very well give both us... and that Pure Dragon God the surprise of her life.”


 She stretched out her arm to tap a finger against Yun Che’s chest, her fingernail gently scratching against the cloth of his robes. “Ultimately, I think that we do not need to worry. She is Chi Wuyao, worrying about her would be useless. I would go so far as to say that it is unnecessary.”


 BOOOOM————


 A wave of heavy and malicious energy fiercely blasted Qianye Ying’er’s hand aside.


 Caizhi was already standing at Qianye Ying’er’s side and despite the calm expression on her fair and lovely face, a startling ferocity could be seen radiating from within. “You’re not allowed to touch him!”


 “Aiyah,” Qianye Ying’er crooned seductively as she caressed her “wounded” finger. There wasn’t a hint of rage on her jade face. She shot Caizhi a soul-stirringly seductive look instead as she said, “You can’t even accept actions of this level? I should tell you this then. During the few short years we spent in the Northern Divine Region, he used my body in all sorts of ways. In fact, I can tell you that he’s ravaged me more than six thousand times, and I remember each and every one of those trysts with exquisite detail. I wouldn’t even be surprised if you told me that he’s made love to me more times than all of his other women put together.”


 Yun Che, “...”


 Caizhi, “........”


 “Oh?” Qianye Ying’er seemed to have come to a sudden realization of sorts as a mocking playfulness entered her seductive golden eyes. “Based on your reaction... Little Heavenly Wolf, as the lawfully-wedded wife of the Devil Master, someone who has ‘bowed to both the heavens and the earth, paid your respects to your ancestors and exchanged betrothal items with Jasmine as your witness’, you can’t actually... still be a virgin, right?”

