

Chapter 959 - Exploding Rage

  

 Ji Hanfeng used his palm to blast Yun Che away and then quickly rushed over to catch Li Mingcheng. He shivered severely the moment his palms touched Li Mingcheng’s body.


 The tempo of Li Mingcheng’s breathing was incredibly chaotic and it was weakening at an incredibly fast speed. His body was limp and soft as if all of the bones in his body were broken. There was no focus in this pupils and blood was spilling out from his mouth like crazy, accompanied with by unbearable weak and desperate moan. His whole body was twitching as if he was about to die.


 On his chest near his heart, there was a shocking dent the size of a bowl.


 Li Mingcheng charged out from next to Ji Hanfeng. Ji Hanfeng stood the closest to the two of them. Even though he did not have the time to stop Li Mingcheng from attacking Yun Che, he had enough time to stop Yun Che from counterattacking Li Mingcheng. However, he did not do so. Instead, he used this as an opportunity to attack Yun Che as Yun Che struck Li Mingcheng heavily. Because this was a “justified” action, even if he crippled Yun Che, no one could put the fault on him.


 But he absolutely did not expect that Li Mingcheng would be this severely injured from Yun Che’s attack.


 Ji Hanfeng’s brain went blank all of a sudden and he felt chills down his spine. He didn’t dare to forget even for a second that Li Mingcheng was the Main Hall Master’s nephew, so he had been obviously and secretly trying to curry favor with her. Just now when he took the opportunity to attack Yun Che, it was to avenge him but he didn’t expect even in his dreams that Li Mingcheng would be injured to the point of almost dying.


 With the Main Hall Master’s protectiveness towards Li Mingcheng, if the blame fell on him... Just thinking about it, Ji Hanfeng was already shivering in fear. But it was too late for him to regret at the moment. He turned around abruptly and unleashed all his anger towards Yun Che, “Yun Che! How dare you attack with such maliciousness!!”


 “What happened? What are you all doing here in a circle?”


 At this moment, someone with infinite coldness and dignity suddenly fell from the sky. Following, a blue shadow walked out from the void sky. She had a face like the first snow shrouded with freezing cold and beautiful brows shaped like swords. It was precisely Mu Fengshu, the Main Hall Master of Freezing Snow Hall.
Explore the labyrinthine roots of this substance at Nøv€lß¡n

 Her arrival instantly froze the chaotic scene.


 Mu Fengshu looked around and saw Li Mingcheng in Ji Hanfeng’s arms, covered in blood and with his life hanging by a thread. Her expression changed instantly as she shifted in a blue shadow to the front of Li Mingcheng. When her palm landed on Li Mingcheng, her aura that was originally ice cold and quiet instantly turned chaotic as it released a crazy fury.


 This was the rage of the Main Hall Master of Freezing Snow Hall. It was as if the entire Freezing Snow Main Hall had fallen into a freezing purgatory. All of the elements completely stopped flowing and the faces of everyone in the Freezing Snow Main Hall turned pale, their bodies curled up from the cold. They could feel their own blood and even their soul freezing, sealed by ice.


 “Who... who did this?”


 Mu Fengshu turned around, her voice extremely calm, but even the person with the weakest profound strength could clearly feel an extremely freezing murderous intent.


 On her territory, her own nephew was actually injured to such an extent, how could she forgive this!?


 Many people slowly turned their gaze towards Yun Che. Mu Sushan’s compliment and praise made them feel incredibly jealous earlier but at this moment, they only felt a deep pity for him.


 They believed with all their hearts that this time, Yun Che was absolutely going to die—even if Li Mingcheng was the one who ambushed Yun Che first.


 “In... In reply to Main Hall Master,” Ji Hanfeng’s teeth were shivering. After he had spoken the first sentence, his heart heaved as he stood up and directly pointed at Yun Che. “It’s Yun Che! He deliberately injured Junior Brother Mingcheng heavily and wounded Junior Brother Mingcheng to this extent. This disciple... this disciple could not stop it in time and did not think that Yun Che would be this brutal. This disciple could not protect Junior Brother Mingcheng, it is this disciple’s fault, may... may Main Hall Master punish me heavily.”


 “You!?” Mu Fengshu’s focus fell on Yun Che. Only thirty percent was surprise, more of it was an ice cold fury and murderous intent.


 “You... you’re lying!” Mu Xiaolan unconsciously stood in front of Yun Che and tried to explain, “Li Mingcheng was the one who ambushed and tried to backstab Yun Che, Yun Che was only...”


 “Quiet!!”


 Mu Fengshu shouted sharply and scared Mu Xiaolan into silence. Mu Fengshu was clearly extremely enraged, her chest heaving greatly, “Do you take this Main Hall Master for an idiot that you would say something this ridiculous? Yun Che is merely a Monarch, compared to Mingcheng’s cultivation, why would he have to backstab Yun Che!?”


 “Main Hall Master,” Mu Sushan walked forward and said, “Even though Li Mingcheng was indeed injured by Yun Che, it wasn’t this simple...”


 “Enough!!” Mu Fengshu’s face was darkened like still water. No one dared to breathe under the violent anger which rippled from her body. “No matter who it is, no matter what the reason or explanation is, if one dares to heavily injure the nephew of Mu Fengshu on purpose, I will definitely make him pay ten thousand times more!!”


 “...” Mu Sushan opened his mouth but he could only sigh softly. Even though Li Mingcheng was the one who ambushed first, Yun Che’s counterattack was indeed too heavy and it was a fact that Li Mingcheng was wounded to almost dying. Facing Mu Fengshu who was in a complete fury, he couldn’t help even if he wanted to. He could only send a sound transmission in secret towards Mu Xiaolan, “Xiaolan, send a sound transmission to your master immediately. Right now, your master is probably the only one who can save Yun Che... Ah, and she might not even make it in time.”


 “Ji Hanfeng! Immediately take Yun Che down!” Even though Mu Fengshu was extremely furious, with her position, she would not waste time attacking a junior herself. She glanced at Mu Xiaolan. “Let’s see who dares to stop this.”


 “Yes!” Ji Hanfeng also wanted to lash out his anger. Hearing the command, he immediately responded, placing Li Mingcheng on the ground and charged directly to grab Yun Che’s throat with his hands.


 Mu Xiaolan screamed and used her body to shield in front of Yun Che, but a hand suddenly grabbed her shoulder and pushed her far far away.


 Surrounding him was the Main Hall Master of Freezing Snow Hall’s rage and murderous intent. Both her strength and position in the entire Divine Ice Phoenix Sect was within the highest echelons. If it was someone else, they would have already been so frightened that they would lose control of their legs. However, there was no trace of fear in Yun Che’s eyes; there was only a strong, terrifying atmosphere.


 Whether it was in the Blue Pole Star, the Profound Sky Continent or the Illusory Demon Realm, he was an absolute king, an existence that could cover the sky with his single hand and no one dared to wrong him... How could he tolerate such treatment!


 The anger and murderous intent that he had been suppressing before were all released completely in this moment. He held both of his fists tightly and his eyes targeted Ji Hanfeng who was getting closer to him like a starving eagle. He roared in a raspy voice, “If you want to take me down... we’ll have to see if you have the ability to do so first!!”


 “You still dare to resist? You don’t know your place!” Yun Che’s words made Ji Hanfeng sneer as he flew down from the air towards Yun Che to take him down. The surrounding aura was directed by his strength and transformed into a storm that was extremely dense in strength, covering Yun Che’s whole body.


 Even though Li Mingcheng’s profound strength was already at the level of the divine way, the pressure that he gave off wasn’t nearly close to the aura that Xuanyuan Wentian, who had been killed by Yun Che, exuded. That’s why, even when facing Li Mingcheng, Yun Che felt no pressure at all.


 However, the Ji Hanfeng who was in front of him was different. His profound strength was at the sixth level of the Divine Origin Realm. Not only was his aura stronger than Xuanyuan Wentian’s, he was obviously stronger than Mu Xiaolan! He was definitely the strongest opponent that Yun Che had faced in his life.


 The force that was coming from the sky was incredibly horrifying. This was a power of divine way that completely exceeded the level of strength Li Mingcheng had been capable of. Under this force, his entire body suddenly stiffened, but still reacted according to his will first and transported all of his strength to shield in front of his body.


 Bang!!


 Yun Che’s whole body was vibrating violently as if he was hit by a meteorite from outer space and he was thrown off by the shock. Ji Hanfeng stopped and the sneer on his face became more brutal. He suddenly grabbed toward the direction that Yun Che had been blasted to and as his hand motion quickly changed, a blue hexagonal profound formation suddenly appeared on Yun Che’s body that was flying upside down. The instant it appeared, it exploded mercilessly with Yun Che’s body as the medium.


 “Sss...” The faces of the profound practitioners there all lost color from the shock. Mu Fengshu’s order was to “take down,” so they thought Ji Hanfeng would suppress Yun Che and seal his profound energy. They didn’t expect him to attack so harshly.


 This way, Yun Chu could very possibly die on the spot. Even if he didn’t die, he would be injured severely.


 “This...” Mu Sushan stepped forward suddenly but the result was already established, so he could only deeply sigh once again.


 “Yun Che!!” Mu Xiaolan turned pale from the shock. She rushed over in panic but just as she got close, she saw Yun Che holding himself up with one hand and slowly standing up.


 Everyone’s gaze was attracted back to Yun Che in an instant. Even though Yun Che was simply standing up, it made all of their pupils dilate, not daring to believe their eyes.


 Yun Che’s clothes were already torn and there were three wounds that were each half a foot long on both his chest and back but they had stopped bleeding already. Aside from that, his aura almost hadn’t weakened at all and he hadn’t lost any focus from his eyes at all. Instead, there was a viciousness that made one tremble with fear.


 “What?!” The sneer on Ji Hanfeng’s face disappeared and the expression in his eyes darkened. He was confident that the attack just now would completely cripple Yun Che. At the very least, it should have crushed over half of the bones in his body.


 But he actually stood up and there were only a few wounds that were not even deep?


 No! He’s definitely just forcing himself, it’s impossible for him not to be heavily injured.


 “Yun Che, are... are you okay?” Mu Xiaolan looked at him in startlement and asked with concern.


 “Get out of the way!” Yun Che’s gaze was focused on Ji Hanfeng. His appearance was very terrifying at the moment and scared Mu Xiaolan into backing up, not daring to step forth another time.


 “Purgatory!”


 It was as if a volcano exploded from Yun Che’s body. His profound energy instantly increased and the color of the profound energy also turned a light scarlet color. He lifted both of his hands and the Heaven Smiting Devil Slayer Sword fell from the air. It smashed into the ground with an exploding sound that shocked the sky as it stabbed deeply into the divine stone that was paved on the ground of the main hall.


 “Oh!?” The expression in Mu Sushan’s eyes changed drastically. The suppressing aura that Yun Che was releasing right now was close to the strength of the fifth level of the Divine Origin Realm!


 Mu Sushan himself mentioned before that Yun Che hadn’t used all of his strength when he beat Li Mingcheng but he did not expect that Yun Che’s hidden power would be this horrifyingly strong.


 Fifth level of the Sovereign Profound Realm... but it released a power that was equal to fifth level of the Divine Origin Realm!!


 This time, even the expression in Mu Fengshu’s eyes changed slightly, her raging fury was slowly replaced by a shock that was becoming deeper and deeper.


 “This brat, you actually...” Facing Yun Che’s force, Ji Hanfeng was already shocked in an indescribable way.


 Yun Che didn’t say a word. He grabbed the Heaven Smiting Devil Slayer Sword with both of his hands, jumped high up in the sky and the vermilion body of the sword created an incredibly dreadful destruction storm as it charged towards Ji Hanfeng.


 “You think you’re worthy of being my opponent just like this?” Ji Hanfeng gritting his teeth slightly, roared deeply and also jumped up toward Yun Che. He actually directly grabbed at Yun Che’s sword.


 But just as he got close, his expression suddenly changed and a trace of fear flashed deeply in his eyes. This was because the force of the sword was much stronger than he expected, it had even made his soul feel fear!


 Ji Hanfeng reacted extremely quickly. He retracted his palms with lightning speed, his whole body turned over and somersaulted backwards.


 The Heaven Smiting Sword smashed onto the ground that was paved using divine stones, causing it to instantly crack. These cracks quickly spread out like a spider web until they spread out to a distance of about ninety meters. With the body of the sword as the center, a storm created by the heavy sword swept by and blurred everyone’s vision for a long period of time.


 But thankfully this was the God Realm. If it was the Profound Sky Continent, the surrounding three hundred meters of space would all have completely collapsed.

