

Chapter 836 - The Devil Soul within the Sword

  

 Xuanyuan Wentian kept his sword-wielding hand to the back, while the other was stretched towards Fen Juechen. In a leisurely manner, he said, “Honored Devil Lord, I have already completely witnessed the surprise you brought me. It’s about time for this game to come to an end.”


 Fen Juechen, “???”


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s strange movements and his strange words did not receive any form of response. The Heavenly Sin Divine Sword was grasped in Fen Juechen’s hands, surging with a thick dark glow.


 Xuanyuan Wentian slowly clenched the hand he stretched out and his brows began to sink. As though he was talking to himself, his voice suddenly turned a little cold. “Honored Devil Lord, what’s the meaning of this? Could it be that you have forgotten who had spent a thousand years of blood and sweat to remove all of the seals the Eternal Night Royal Family placed on you!? And who was it who spared no hesitation to startle the entire continent, in order to prepare a Devil Sword Conference to remove the final seal placed on you by the Evil God!? Now that you have obtained your wish... Could it be that you’re going to be ungrateful and throw this sword master aside, to serve under this brat!?”


 “What are you talking about!?” Fen Juechen said while gnashing his teeth.


 “Hmph!” Still not receiving any response, Xuanyuan Wentian once again brought forward the sword behind his back. “It seems a small accident has occurred. In that case, some changes must be made to the way this game is played. Fen Juechen, your strength has indeed risen greatly but if you think you can kill this sword master the way you are now... it is but an idiotic dream!”


 Shing!!


 The thin sword in Xuanyuan Wentian’s hands released a light, quivering buzz. A white flash of light followed right after, as the tip of the sword had already pierced straight towards Fen Juechen’s face. This time, Xuanyuan Wentian took the initiative to launch an attack and though this sword strike looked normal, it contained all of his strength with no reserves to spare.


 The blade of the sword was straight but the nature energy in the surrounding five kilometers was completely stirred, as it began to bubble like boiling water.


 Fen Juechen let out a furious roar as he smashed out a sword strike. Every attack he made with his sword would submerge the sky and earth into darkness and the surrounding world would also be filled with endless gloom and vengeful intent.


 Crack!!


 Space shattered. Countless spatial fragments flew out like scattered metal needles, piercing holes into everything they made contact with. The two figures slowed at the same time and then exploded forth at the same time. Blazing sword beams and dark ghastly lights clashed intensely in the sky, bringing about explosive roars comparable to a chain of thunder.


 Fen Juechen’s face was as devious as a devil god’s. With the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword which was surging with black aura, his every swing carried his unstoppable full strength. His every strike was concentrated with his extreme resentment and hatred and his every blow was filled with the extreme desire of smashing Xuanyuan Wentian directly into smithereens. Black profound energy was the negative form of profound energy in the first place and as Fen Juechen’s killing and hateful intents thickened, the destructive power of the black profound energy would rise even further.


 He seemed to be unable to see the sword beams coming from Xuanyuan Wentian at all as he desperately swung his sword time and time again like a madman... During the battle with Yun Che above the eastern seas several months ago, he was attacking the same way.


 Killing intent that could envelop the entire sky and earth, along with a dark aura, were suppressing Xuanyuan Wentian. The black aura emitting from the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword was intensifying constantly and whenever it was swung, the ghastly space-tearing sound was as though countless of ghosts were weeping in grief.


 Xuanyuan Wentian was retreating a step at a time and he looked like he was in a state of being completely suppressed. The profound energy aura emitting from his body was also far from being comparable to the dark aura emitting from Fen Juechen’s body. However, his face was as calm as still water.


 “Guaaaah!!”


 Fen Juechen let out another hungry wolf-like howl. Carrying a devil god-like aura, the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword obliterated all the sword beams and smashed straight towards Xuanyuan Wentian’s head.


 This time however, Xuanyuan Wentian did not avoid it like before. Slightly raising his eyes, an extremely thick and powerful sword intent surfaced. In an instant, the thin sword in his hands suddenly spat out a sword beam a hundred meters in length, as eye-piercing as the chilling stars in a dark night. Then, it flew head-on towards the black horizontal slash that was descending from the skies.


 Crack! Boom——


 After the thunderous roar was a loud noise that sounded as though the sky was collapsing. Two powers that were at the peak level of the Sovereign Profound Realm directly clashed and the might of the profound energy blast instantly obliterated the world within several kilometers into complete emptiness. The dazzling white sword beam and the black aura shattered in the air and Xuanyuan Wentian and Fen Juechen were sent flying several meters away at the same time.


 Pfft...


 Fen Juechen had stopped his body, swayed and then puked out a large mouthful of fresh blood. Though a large amount of Xuanyuan Wentian’s sword blast was dispersed away by his power, there was still about ten percent of the sword blast which pierced through his profound energy defenses and penetrated into his body, causing injuries both inside and outside his body.


 On the other hand, though Xuanyuan Wentian was blasted a similar distance away as Fen Juechen. The color on his face was still normal and did not look as though he had suffered any injuries. Merely the sleeves of his clothes seemed to have been half swallowed by the dark devil aura.


 Fen Juechen’s power rose explosively in a short timeframe and it looked as though it was already to the extent of matching Xuanyuan Wentian. However, from this clash, the short end of the stick had been completely exposed.


 When the profound energy in one’s body rose explosively due to certain reasons, then what one had to do in the next period of time was to establish and stabilize his new powers with all his might. This could be said to be common sense in the way of the profound. Taking all of the Frozen Cloud Asgard disciples as examples, after their profound strength were raised by Yun Che with the Tyrant Pellets, he personally gave the order to have all of the disciples stabilize their cultivation for at least the upcoming one month and they were not allowed to cultivate any profound arts during that time.


 Yun Che’s strength had also experienced several improvements in explosive manners. However, he possessed the Dragon God physique and the power of the Rage God as his foundation and after several explosive rises in strength, he had never experienced a situation where his body was unable to adapt to his new strength.


 However, Fen Juechen was different. His desire to exact vengeance was too powerful and the rise in his strength was overly vigorous as well. The most direct consequence was that he would be unable to stably wield this newly found strength and the amount of time his body could endure this level of strength would be rather short. His power would also be far from being refined to match the intensity at his supposed plane of profound strength. Thus, though he could match Xuanyuan Wentian in terms of power, when it came to defensive abilities, he was still way far off.


 Therefore, when the two people endured the same level of profound energy blast, Xuanyuan Wentian was basically unharmed while Fen Juechen was gravely injured. Compared to injuries, the more severe consequence was that in his injured state, he was losing even more control of the power within his body. No matter if it was the internal breathing in his body or the black aura surging out of his body, there were evidently traces of chaos.


 Xuanyuan Wentian was not the least bit surprised by Fen Juechen’s sudden change in condition. His sword pointed forward and as it swayed, spatial fragments whirled like flying daggers, swirling up hundreds of spatial tornadoes of different sizes.


 Fen Juechen gasped heavily for air. Due to his chaotic internal breathing, when facing this strike from Xuanyuan Wentian, he was unable to gather sufficient power at a moment’s notice. With a loud explosive “boom”, the black glow was blown away and Fen Juechen was sent flying off into the distance. Several dozen scatters of blood erupted from his body as the blood and energy in his body churned even more so than before. The chaotic dark devil energy escaped from his control like an enraged wild beast and it went rampant within his body. Stopping his figure, he desperately tried to settle his internal breathing, however, he was unable to suppress it even after a long while.


 “Heh heh,” Xuanyuan Wentian chuckled. With a light tone, he said. “One thousand eight hundred years ago, this sword master made a breakthrough, stepping into the realm of Monarchs at the age of one hundred and seventy three. Two hundred eighty years later, I reached the sixth level of the Sovereign Profound Realm... which was also the realm of strength you possessed when we last met. The time it took for this sword master to reach my current realm of strength from the sixth level of Sovereign Profound Realm, was exactly a thousand five hundred years. While you, have merely used nineteen days.”


 “Such a terrifying exploit.”


 “Unfortunately, though the intensity of your strength is not any lower than mine, you lack a thousand years worth of accumulated experience!”


 Before Xuanyuan Wentian’s voice fell, his figure had suddenly turned illusory and a power which completely choked Fen Juechen came enveloping down from the skies.


 Fen Juechen’s eye sockets were close to tearing as he let out an aggressive roar. The Heavenly Sin Divine Sword swept up in a gigantic dark wave, smashing straight towards the sky... However, he had only swung his sword halfway through when he heard a loud ring next to his ear. He instantly lost touch of his two arms and his entire body was sent flying away like duckweed. The black aura on his body scattered and the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword left his hands as well.


 Xuanyuan Wentian was number one in the way of the sword in the Profound Sky Continent but that did not mean that his capabilities were focused on only the way of the sword. As one of the four people who reached the limits of the Sovereign Profound Realm in the Profound Sky Continent, profound energy released by any of his profound arts could split seas and move mountains.


 Xuanyuan Wentian, who blasted Fen Juechen away did not give chase. Instead, he calmly reached out his hand, sucking the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword that was flying towards the high skies into his hand.


 He grabbed onto the sword and looked at the hilt, his eyes had already narrowed into extremely thin slits. “Honored Devil Lord, you should have some words for me now, right?”


 The Heavenly Sin Divine Sword was shrouded by a black mist and under Xuanyuan Wentian’s interrogative voice, it slightly trembled... And at this moment, a large repelling force emitted out from the blade of the sword. Because of insufficient preparations, the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword escaped Xuanyuan Wentian’s hand. A pitch-black streak of light cut across the sky and it then returned to its owner’s hands.


 Fen Juechen’s entire body was dyed with blood as he grasped onto the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword with both his hands. His pair of eyes let out a fiend-like ferociousness. The edges of his utterly tattered black robe rose and his black hair flew up high as they fluttered disorderly within the surging black aura.


 His speed of recovering the ability to move surprised Xuanyuan Wentian but what startled him even more was the rising density in the black aura emitted from his body and the dark atmosphere had even grown a little stronger than before. He had clearly already suffered heavy injuries and though his aura was in great disarray, he was like a devil god who had suddenly awoken in the netherworld as he once again approached Xuanyuan Wentian, filled with terrifying darkness and killing intent!


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s pupils slightly shrank... This was, the power of a devil god which belonged to the highest of realms!?


 An uncomfortable feeling sprouted in Xuanyuan Wentian’s heart. Not daring to hesitate any further, he quickly pointed the sword in his hand towards Fen Juechen. Profound energy gushed out of the tip of the sword, instantly piercing towards Fen Juechen.


 This strike, instantly drilled a tunnel in space itself, crossing space in the truest sense.


 Pfft!!!
Ñøv€l--ß1n hosted the premiere release of this chapter.

 This strike, proved why he was titled number one in the way of the sword in Profound Sky Continent!


 Fen Juechen, who was like an awakened devil god, did not make the slightest response in front of this strike and was struck right at his chest... However, this strike did not penetrate his heart but instead, it released countless sword beams that pierced into Fen Juechen’s innards.


 The black aura that surged once again earlier quickly sank and then scattered away. Fen Juechen’s eyes were wide open and blood was gushing out of his seven orifices. His body slowly slumped backwards, like a lifeless statue, he fell straight down from the skies and smashed onto the devastated ground below. There was no longer any movement.


 Xuanyuan Wentian retracted his arm and then slightly heaved a sigh of relief.


 “It seems the power of the devils, cannot be comprehended with common sense,” Xuanyuan Wentian said in a low voice. Fen Juechen’s state earlier left a lingering fear in his heart.


 Next to Fen Juechen, a shadow charged towards the skies... This time, the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword had arrived next to Xuanyuan Wentian of its own will. Xuanyuan Wentian looked at it and lightly said. “Honored Devil Lord, from your silence earlier... I hope that you’re not planning on going against our thousand year promise!”


 Within the black shrouds, a pair of long devil eyes slowly opened at the hilt of the sword. In Xuanyuan Wentian’s mind, a dark and hoarse voice resounded. “Of course not. But, my earlier condition earlier was not what I had expected... It was not what I had expected at all!”


 “Not as expected?” Xuanyuan Wentian’s brows twitched. “What happened?”


 “By using me, he awakened the power of the devil blood in his body, while I was able to gradually recover through the nourishing of the devil blood. However, just as I was about to destroy his soul, I realized that his willpower was extraordinarily terrifying... Not only did I fail, I have instead became his puppet!” The devil soul within the sword roared out unwillingly.


 “What!?” Xuanyuan Wentian’s expression sank.


 “Now, not only am I unable to retrieve his devil blood, I have to depend on him to survive, unable to defy his commands. If he dies, then the devil soul I have just begun to restore will be completely extinguished as well! If you had not made him unconscious, I wouldn’t have been able to even send you a voice transmission!”


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s expression turned pitch-black and the bones on his fingers crackled. The corner of his lips moved, revealing a hideous and twisted smile. “So you’re saying, not only have my thousand years of blood and sweat been completely wasted, I even... gave him a celebratory gift...”


 “No,” the dark tone of the devil soul’s voice suddenly changed. “It’s not that you do not have any chance at all, there is still another method. The power that method brings you, will be much stronger than just obtaining the devil blood itself. At the same time however, it is much more dangerous. This depends on whether... you dare to make a gamble!”

