

Chapter 1624 - The Leader of the Heavenly Sovereigns

 Qianye Ying’er also stopped. Her eyelids drooped slightly as she shot Yun Che a languid and forlorn look.


 Yun Che shot the man in blue a sidelong glance. His eyes were as bright and clear as his voice, and his temperament seemed to transcend the mortal plane. Not even someone from the three divine regions would believe that he was a devil person from the Northern Divine Region if they saw him right now.


 A glance later, Yun Che suddenly said, “Let’s follow them.”


 “Getting impatient?” Qianye Ying’er’s slim and delicate waist turned slightly.


 “It’s too slow to wait passively,” Yun Che said slowly. “Also, that Heavenly Sovereign Assembly he mentioned sounds interesting.”


 “It is very interesting,” Qianye Ying’er said with a half smile. “If I’m not mistaken, this Heavenly Sovereign Assembly happens once every one hundred years. Only Divine Sovereigns younger than six hundred years of age are allowed to participate in it.”


 Divine Sovereigns below six hundred years of age... In other words, only those extremely young Divine Sovereigns listed in the Northern Region Heavenly Sovereign Ranking had the right to participate. It was clear that it was a stage meant for these dazzling “Heavenly Sovereigns”.


 “Also,” Qianye Ying’er’s full pink lips curved up slightly as she said in a quiet voice, “I have heard that person’s name before.”


 “...Oh really.” Yun Che’s eyes flickered as he glanced at the man in blue once more.


 Given Qianye Ying’er’s previous habit of looking at everything with contempt, it was surprising that she would even know the name of this person from the Northern Divine Region... From that point alone, one could well imagine that he absolutely possessed an extraordinary status.


 “There’s no need to be too shocked. No matter how cut off the Northern Divine Region is from the three other divine regions and vice versa, people who create too big of a wave will definitely be noticed.”


 Qianye Ying’er calmly said, “Even though he is only someone from the younger generation, all the great king realms in the Eastern Divine Region, Southern Divine Region, and even the Western Divine Region should recognize this person’s name. Just like how the three king realms of the Northern Divine Region will definitely recognize your name.”


 “Then if you compare him to me?” Yun Che expressionlessly spat out those words.


 “There really is no comparison between the two of you,” Qianye Ying’er said as her phoenix eyes slanted slightly. “His fame in the Northern Divine Region is far greater than your fame in the Eastern Divine Region.”


 Yun Che, “...”


 “This was especially true three years ago. Besides the fact that he was never as miserable and pathetic as you were, he far surpassed you in every other aspect. He even has more women than you did.”


 “Oh really?” Yun Che suddenly extended a hand to grip her white and flawless chin. “Are his toys as useful and fun to use as you are?”


 “If that’s the case, then no.” Qianye Ying’er used a jade finger to slowly push his hand away. Her long eyelashes fluttered and her smile was so provocative it seemed to be mocking him. “As the man who turned the Dragon Queen and Goddess into playthings for his crotch, in this aspect alone, you truly are unrivaled. So for you to end up in the state you’re in today is far too cheap a price to pay for that.”


 Yun Che’s voice went cold. “Shen Xi is not the Dragon Queen, nor is she a toy. Only you are!”


 “Weren’t you going to follow them? They’re already quite far away.”


 “Hmph!” Yun Che turned around and took to the skies. He withdrew his aura as much as he could and soundlessly flew after them.


 The Luo siblings had exhausted much of their strength, but because the profound art they cultivated was extremely effective at defense, they had not suffered any serious injuries. Perhaps the blue-robed man shared the same destination as they did, because he started to travel together with them after he had saved them.


 “This humble one is the Heavenly Net Realm’s Luo Ying and this is my royal sister... younger sister, Luo Yun. I really don’t know how I can repay you for saving our lives.” Luo Ying repeatedly thanked him. But he was not doing so out of the gratitude that he felt. Rather, he was doing it due to his excitement and terror.


 “Are... Are you truly... Sir Lonely Swan?” Luo Yun was misty-eyed. A long time had passed since they had been rescued, but she looked as if she was still daydreaming. In fact, the terror and despair that she had just experienced not too long ago had already been tossed to the back of her mind.


 The blue-robed man gave a faint smile and replied, “That is truly this humble one. Our two esteemed guests from the Heavenly Net Realm must have come here to observe the Heavenly Sovereign Assembly. Yet you met with such danger in my Imperial Heaven Realm. This was the negligence of our Imperial Heaven Realm. The fact that the two of you aren’t blaming me is already a blessing. There’s no need for you to keep thanking me.”


 “No, no.” Even though Luo Ying was the noble son of an upper star realm king, he was so excited that his speech had grown somewhat incoherent. He did not have any of the grandeur he normally possessed. “To be saved by Sir Lonely Swan means that the encounter we had was not a disaster. Rather, it was a fortune bestowed upon us by the heavens... We siblings have revered Sir Lonely Swan our entire lives, and our greatest wish for the coming Heavenly Sovereign Assembly was to witness Sir Lonely Swan’s magnificence. We’ve never imagined that we would actually... actually have such a fated meeting with you.”


 Luo Yun’s head bobbed up and down like a small chick’s and her eyes stared unblinkingly at the blue-robed man.


 “So it is the Imperial Heaven Realm,” Qianye Ying’er said. “it’s definitely him.”


 “Is that the leader of all the upper star realms in the Northern Divine Region, the number one star realm below the king realms?” Yun Che said as his eyes narrowed slightly.


 Over the last few years, Qianye Ying’er had not told him a lot about the Northern Divine Region... because she herself did not know a lot about this region. However she had mentioned the name “Imperial Heaven Realm” before.


 Below the king realms, the Imperial Heaven was number one.


 He really had not expected that his random choice of direction would actually end up with them entering the number one upper star realm in the Northern Divine Region.


 “His name is Tian Guhu,” Qianye Ying’er said. “He’s the youngest child of the Imperial Heaven Realm King. If this was the only thing significant about him, he would not be worthy of being known by me.”


 The entire world is filled with sparrows, I am the lone swan... Yun Che gave a contemptuous laugh. This name was filled with a wild arrogance that held everything else in contempt. It was extremely different from the impression he gave.


 “You made your name in a single battle during the Eastern Divine Region’s Profound God Convention, and it was the same for him,” Qianye Ying’er continued. “Around five hundred years ago, during the Northern Divine Region’s ‘Profound God Convention’, the road he walked was a series of flawless victories. Furthermore, in the final battle, even though he was weaker than his opponent by two small realms, he still completely dominated his opponent and his legend was made in that battle.”


 “Once your profound strength reaches the divine way, even crushing an opponent that is at the same level as you is a feat that only one in a hundred million can accomplish. To be able to crush an opponent despite being two small realms weaker than them? That can only be described as a miracle in the profound way. In the current Northern Divine Region, the only one who has accomplished such a feat is Tian Guhu.”


 “The irony of this all lies in the fact that the Northern Divine Region could produce such a person in this era, while even the Eastern Divine Region’s Luo Changsheng would not be able to accomplish such a feat.


 Qianye Ying’er stared at Yun Che. “Well that’s with the exception of freaks like you and Shui Meiyin. Hmph, the Herectic God legacy and the Stainless Divine Soul! Heresies that should not even appear in this current era!”
Embark on an odyssey to the core at Nøv€lß¡n#★

 “He’s but a mere level seven Divine Sovereign,” Yun Che said coldly.


 “Mere?” Qianye Ying’er said. “We’re talking about a level seven Divine Sovereign who hasn’t even reached six hundred years old. The current head of the Northern Region Heavenly Sovereign Ranking. Even though he can’t be compared to me back then, if we compare him to you three years ago, when you also shocked the rest of the world... The you back then would not even be able to measure up to one of his toes.”


 “Heh.” Yun Che gave a cold chuckle. “The Yun Che of three years ago? That person was only a naive and foolish piece of trash! A piece of trash who saved people who should have died and caused all of his loved ones to die! Why would you even compare him to that piece of trash who has already died?”


 “...” Qianye Ying’er glanced at Yun Che before saying, “Tian Guhu can be said to be absolutely invincible in his generation. It’s said that he’s able to crush people who are two levels higher than him in the Divine Sovereign Realm and he can go toe to toe with the ones who are three levels above him.”


 “So if the rumors aren’t false, that means that he, who is currently a level seven Divine Sovereign, can go toe to toe with a level ten Divine Sovereign. Compared to his cultivation, this is the most shocking thing about him. Even that old dog Qianye Fantian has mentioned the Northern Divine Region’s Tian Guhu more than once. He said that if he could still crush everyone at the same level as him once he entered the Divine Master Realm, then he might very well become the most dangerous person in the Northern Divine Region in the future.”


 Yun Che did not react to her words at all.


 “What a pity though,” Qianye Ying’er said in a gloomy voice. “After staying with you for three years, no matter how much I look at this Tian Guhu, he only amounts to this much.”


 A level seven Divine Sovereign who was at most six hundred years old. A level seven Divine Sovereign who was on par with a level ten Divine Sovereign.


 He was ranked number one on the Northern Region Heavenly Sovereign Ranking, and he was undoubtedly the most outstanding person of his generation in the Northern Divine Region.


 He was a junior that even the king realms of the other three divine regions had taken note of.


 Any single one of these brilliant halos that adorned him was so dazzling that others would not even dare to look at him directly.


 “Very good.” Yun Che nodded his head.


 Right. He was very satisfied with this person’s status and his accomplishments.


 “Since these lands already have a Yun Che, then they don’t need some Tian Guhu.”


 Upon hearing those words, Qianye Ying’er silently shot a glance at Yun Che.


 The him three years ago would never have said such a thing.


 “Sir Lonely Swan, were those two people really Divine Sovereigns?” Luo Ying asked the blue-robed man. Even though they traveled together, his heart was relatively calm. As he faced this legend who was close enough for him to touch, a legend who put on no airs at all, he had started to feel far more comfortable in his presence.


 “That’s right,” Tian Guhu said. “Those two people were level seven Divine Sovereigns.”


 “Ah!” Luo Ying and Luo Yun both cried out in alarm.


 Even in an upper star realm, Divine Sovereigns were transcendent existences that were second only to the great realm kings themselves. To think that those people were actually Divine Sovereigns, level seven Divine Sovereigns who were approaching the late stages of that great realm of power!


 Even if they were to search their entire Heavenly Net Realm, they would not find more than ten Divine Sovereigns who had reached the seventh level or above.


 “Then... does Sir Lonely Swan recognize them?” Luo Ying asked.


 Tian Guhu shook his head. “I don’t know. Perhaps they are the rulers of some middle star realm.”


 Level seven Divine Sovereigns. There was no way he would not recognize anyone of that level if they were born in the upper star realms. Thus, those two Divine Sovereigns who were completely unfamiliar to him could only have come from a middle star realm.


 And in a middle star realm, Divine Sovereigns were undoubtedly kings.


 Once they heard the three words “middle star realm”, the respect and reverence that had started shining in the eyes of the Luo siblings when they had heard the two words “Divine Sovereign” instantly dimmed.


 They were the children of an upper star realm’s realm king. Their father was a Divine Master who lorded over the world. As such, if they were to come into contact with a Divine Sovereign from the upper star realms, they would definitely show utmost respect to that person. In fact, they would not even dare to offer a differing opinion.


 However, when it came to Divine Sovereigns from a middle star realm... even if they were late stage Divine Sovereigns, they could still greet them with a haughty stare.


 This was the difference in level.


 “I see.” Luo Ying nodded his head.


 “Hmph, to think that they, as Divine Sovereigns, would actually just let us die... That’s completely detestable.” Luo Yun said in a hateful voice.


 “Everyone who can become a Divine Sovereign has been blessed by the heavens,” Tian Guhu said in an unhurried manner. “They could have saved two lives if they simply lifted their hands, yet they left in such a cold and indifferent manner. Their actions were no different from murder.”


 He gave a soft sigh. “No matter what status those two people possess, they have soiled the name Divine Sovereign.”


 “Sir Lonely Swan is right,” Luo Ying said with sunken brows. “Even if these sort of people become Divine Sovereigns, they will still be despised by others!”


 Tian Guhu’s words caused Luo Yin’s eyes to turn starry. She said with a worshipful expression on her face, “For Sir Lonely Swan, a figure who is just like a heavenly star, to not only save our lives, but also personally escort us all the way here, this is simply no different from a dream. As fellow Divine Sovereigns, they are far too inferior compared to Sir Lonely Swan.”


 “Little Yun, you’ve made one big mistake,” Luo Yin said as he laughed. “Those kinds of people are not even worthy of being called Divine Sovereigns. They do not even have the qualifications to be compared to Sir Lonely Swan.”


 “Mn, Thirty-Eighth Brother is right.” Luo Yin hurriedly nodded her head and asked, “Could those two Divine Sovereigns also be people who are ranked in the Northern Region Heavenly Sovereign Ranking?”


 “Of course not,” Luo Yin said frankly. “Most of the Divine Sovereigns in the Northern Region Heavenly Sovereign Ranking are Divine Sovereigns who are in the beginning stages of the Divine Sovereign Realm. The only person who has become a level sevenDivine Sovereign by the age of six hundred is Sir Lonely Swan himself. Since those two are also level seven Divine Sovereigns, how could they be numbered amongst those in the Northern Region Heavenly Sovereign Ranking? It’s obvious that they have only come here to observe.”


 Tian Guhu lifted his head slightly to look ahead. “The Northern Divine Region is barren and filled with misfortune. Every moment, there are countless living creatures who are dying in their fight to survive, dying in their fight to grow stronger. As a result, our future is growing dimmer and dimmer. For people like us, people who have been blessed by fate, we need to do our utmost to find light in the darkness that shrouds the future of the Northern Divine Region. That is the only way we can live up to the power bestowed upon us by the heavens.”


 “They could have saved two lives if they had simply lifted a hand, yet they chose to blatantly disregard the lives in front of them. These kinds of heartless and inhumane people are not worthy of entering our Imperial Heaven Tower! Even if they are Divine Sovereigns!”


 As he spoke those words, a cold light glinted in his calm eyes.


 “As expected of Sir Lonely Swan,” Luo Ying said in a voice filled with praise. “Such wise words could only be said by someone as exceptional as Sir Lonely Swan. The fact that Sir Lonely Swan exists in this world is the fortune of our entire Northern Divine Region.”


 Tian Guhu laughed and shook his head, but after that, he let out a small sigh. Even though he was traveling together with the Luo siblings, even though they were so close that they could touch, it seemed as if they were living in two completely different worlds.


 Luo Yun kept staring at Tian Guhu. But after that, her head quietly drooped, her eyes sad and dim.


 She was the daughter of the Heavenly Net Realm King, but she knew that only the most beautiful women in the world were worthy of him. Besides her status, she did not possess any other quality that might catch his eye.


 In a place far behind them, Qianye Ying’er’s eyes turned slightly as she said in a quiet voice, “It turns out that this Tian Guhu is actually someone who is devoted to the future of the Northern Divine Region. His current appearance is truly quite similar to how you looked back then when you saved the God Realm...”


 “Shut up!” Yun Che gave a cold rebuke, his brows sinking slightly.


 Qianye Ying’er gave a cold snort and her voice turned languid and indolent. “You’ve never said those two words any of the times you’ve forced me to kneel in front of you.”


 Yun Che, “...”


 “The Imperial Heavenly Tower.” She seemed to be musing to herself in a soft voice. “That is a place that I’m actually looking forward to seeing.”

