

Chapter 752 - Ancient Devil Art

  

 “And then? Where did the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword and the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations go?” Yun Che asked.


 Jasmine slowly shook her head. “Not a clue. The Evil God was the last of the fallen gods, so it’s likely that he knew the final location of the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword and the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations. Yet this was not mentioned in the fragments of the memories he left behind. Perhaps he hid them in the final moments of his life... in order to prevent these items, the sources of the annihilation of the gods, from throwing the world into chaos and disaster once more. He may have hid them in a place where future generations would never be able to find them.”


 “But the Primordial Azure Dragon said that his daughter was sealed within the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword, so what’s going on? He wanted me to find the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword by any means.” Yun Che frowned as he thought back to the words the Dragon God said to him at the Wasteland of Death... it could have even been considered a request.


 “As if I would know.” Jasmine pursed her lips slightly. “Whether it’s the memories I inherited or records of the Primordial God clan, the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword has hardly ever been mentioned. As for your search for it... Hmph, from what I see, it’s completely ridiculous.”


 “It hasn’t been that long since the annihilation of the gods, probably only about a million years. During these million years, countless creatures and races have persistently searched for the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword. Even if the gods have been annihilated, the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword cannot disappear... Nothing in this world is capable of destroying it. Yet in these million years, no one has ever seen its shadow, much less any trace of it.”


 “To this day, there are still numerous people searching for the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword. Not a single person who knows of the name ‘Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword’ doesn’t want to possess it. As for the matter regarding the sealed Dragon God’s daughter, I haven’t heard of such news before. Who knows, we could be the only two in the world to know of this... even though it’s useless information.”


 “Then... how about the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations?” Yun Che asked.


 “While that evil, demonic weapon also cannot be destroyed by anything in this world, no one will attempt to search for it. Hmph... putting aside the potential waste of effort searching for it, even if it were to appear right in front of someone, it would be avoided out of fear. To possess and use it, one would first have to be eternally damned to hell!”


 Jasmine’s voice was frosty, as if she had been influenced by the remnants of a memory, causing her to strongly reject and fear the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations, “After the annihilation of the gods, the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations was also thoroughly hidden and has not appeared for a million years. It was definitely hidden somewhere during the chaos. With a million years of time... the energy used to annihilate gods that went dormant must have awakened once again.”


 “Then how about the Primordial Seal of Life and Death that was ranked third? Was it also lost for a million years?” Yun Che asked impatiently. The Primordial Seal of Life and Death... it was the only hope he knew of that could save the Little Demon Empress.


 “Of course!” Jasmine replied without hesitation, “Based on the scattered records of the Primordial Seal of Life and Death, it originally belonged to one of the three Creation Gods, a female god named Li Suo. She carried the Primordial Seal of Life and Death with her, and was thus granted immortality barring any accidents. She would not have died or grown old, but in the terrible battle between gods and devils, she perished after being surrounded by a number of devils. The Primordial Seal of Life and Death fell into the hands of the devil race. In the end, since the devil race wielded the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations, the god race never managed to seize back the Primordial Seal of Life and Death.”


 “Therefore, the Primordial Seal of Life and Death was lost in the chaos following the eradication of the devil race. In these million years, the number of people who dream of possessing the Primordial Seal of Life and Death are certainly no less than those who desire the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword. The Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword can grant the user an unparalleled strength, but the Primordial Seal of Life and Death can grant immortality as long as the holder isn’t killed.”


 “If a person were to possess both...” Jasmine narrowed her eyes. “...they would truly be the master of immortality and chaos.”


 “Yet, as I’ve said, it’s possible that the Primordial Seal of Life and Death has already been found. After all, one only needs to carry it on their body to activate its power of immortality. Hiding it out of sight would be simple, and the person who possesses it would do everything in his power to ensure that no one else knows of its existence... not even his own relatives.”


 Yun Che pondered for some time before exhaling sharply, almost grinded his teeth, and asked, “All these things that you’ve told me... how exactly are they related to Fen Juechen!?”


 “Of course they’re related!” Jasmine threw him a glance, her expression becoming somber. “The profound art he uses is the ‘Illusory Devil Tome of Eternal Night,’ which is obviously... one of the primordial devil race’s devil arts!”


 “Primordial... devil race?” Yun Che’s heart lurched. “Hasn’t the primordial devil race already gone extinct?”


 “That’s the reason why I was shocked when Fen Juechen released his power source in response to your provocation.” Jasmine said, frowning.


 Yun Che frowned and tentatively asked, “Could it be that... he obtained an inheritance from the primordial devil race? If the gods were able to leave their souls and their blood behind as a legacy, then shouldn’t devils be able to do the same as existences on the same level as gods?”


 “No!” Jasmine shook her head. “Although devils and gods have the same divine level of strength, their souls and sources of power are different. In fact, they are diametrically opposed! Before the gods disappeared into extinction, they were furious that they would simply disappear. So they merged their power and souls together to form a spirit. This spirit guarded the last of their blood and will, bestowing their blood and power to others as a means for their existence to endure the Primal Chaos Realm. The spirit and the divine blood left behind are extraordinarily powerful, to the extent that they cannot be naturally eliminated. They have an affinity with this world, and therefore receive the world’s protection.”


 “Yet devils are completely different! Devils possess a type of power contrary to the unsullied power of the world. Most devils fear the light. Even if devils left spirits or demonic blood behind, the power of the world would reject it and it would quickly dissipate. It probably wouldn’t last a couple thousand of years, let alone a million. When the Era of Gods ended, most of the legacies that the gods left behind were found, birthing a new ‘Realm of the Gods.’ As for the legacies of the devils, they indeed appeared after the extinction of gods and devils, but each legacy lasted less than ten generations before the power of the world purified it. In a mere thirty thousand years, the legacies of the devils disappeared and were never seen again in the following million years.”


 Yun Che, “...”


 “And now, after vanishing for a million years, the power of the primordial devil race, which even the Realm of the Gods has almost forgotten, has appeared in such a lowly human. It’s extremely strange.” Jasmine’s frown deepened. Her understanding of gods, devils, the ancient races, and their powers far surpassed Yun Che’s. The shock that Fen Juechen’s dark profound energy caused in Jasmine was something that Yun Che could not understand.


 “Since the primordial devil race’s strength vanished such a long time ago, why were you able to recognize it?” Yun Che asked thoughtfully.


 Jasmine replied with a straight face, “When I inherited this power, I also inherited fragments of the primordial spirit’s memory. These memories coincidentally recall dark profound energy—or rather, it should be called a dark devil art—that Fen Juechen possesses, which allowed me to recognize it. This type of devil art is called ‘Illusory Devil Tome of Eternal Night’ and belonged to a high level devil clan which was called the ‘Eternal Night Devil Clan’ in the ancient Era of Gods. To use such a devil art, one must have the corresponding devil blood or devil spirit... similar to your ‘World Ode of the Phoenix’, where you require Phoenix blood to activate certain abilities.”


 “This means that Fen Juechen, who has the ‘Illusory Devil Tome of Eternal Night,’ also inherited the ‘Eternal Night Devil Clan’s devil blood or devil spirit!”


 “Devil blood or devil spirit that hasn’t dissipated in a million years!”


 “This...” Yun Che felt stranger as the conversation went on, even thinking that this just was not something he could comprehend at his level. Fen Juechen’s earth shattering change in just a few years surely had an unusual reason... but it was certainly unexpected for it to be so extraordinary.


 He could feel a headache coming on just listening to Jasmine’s description.


 Yun Che considered Jasmine’s reaction and spoke while thinking, “You managed to read Fen Juechen’s memories, so you should know how he got his power, right?”


 “I do already know and it’s more interesting than any other method I can think of.” Jasmine’s face grew cold. “His devil art and power comes from... his father.”


 “His father?” Yun Che stared at her with wide eyes and said with a face full of disbelief, “That can’t be! I killed his father, Fen Duanhun, with my own two hands. He can’t be still alive. Even if he were, Fen Duanhun’s profound strength is only at the Sky Profound Realm. No matter how...”


 “I didn’t say his ‘father’ was Fen Duanhun!” Jasmine’s expression appeared thoughtful.


 “...” Yun Che’s expression instantly became strange as he said in a lowly, “Then, Fen Juechen is not Fen Duanhun’s son? Fen Duanhun was cuckolded?”
The link to the origin of this information resides within Nøv€lß¡n★

 “Fen Duanhun is indeed Fen Juechen’s biological father, but Fen Juechen has another father... who is also his biological father.”


 Yun Che: “~！@#￥%......*” (dumbfounded face)


 “Two men... can also... have children?” Yun Che’s voice shook as he audibly gulped.


 This Chapter’s Teaser

