

Chapter 626 - The Revived Primordial Profound Ark

  

 “The Primordial Seal of Life and Death... Heavenly Profound Treasure?” Yun Che immediately became dazed.


 “Among the Seven Great Heavenly Profound Treasures, the Primordial Seal of Life and Death is ranked only below the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword and the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations. It is said that it was birthed in the center of the primordial universe, and its energy is also connected with that of the primordial universe. As long as the primordial universe does not die, it will never be destroyed!” Jasmine said in an unhurried tone.


 “When you mentioned the power of ‘eternity,’ what did you mean by that?”


 “If you wear it on your person, your lifespan will never decline. In other words... the person who possesses it will have eternal life!”


 “...Ah?” Yun Che was completely dumbfounded, and for a moment, he felt like he was listening to a non-existent fairy tale, “Eternal life... So you will never die? How is that possible?!”


 “You’re overthinking this!” Jasmine let out a light sniff of disdain, “Eternal life does not mean that the person becomes immortal and indestructible! With the Primordial Seal of Life and Death on your person, even though it means that you will never die of old age, you can still be killed by an external force! But if a person really possessed unrivaled strength and other living beings and natural forces are unable to consign him to the grave. If that person obtained the Primordial Seal of Life and Death, then he would truly possess an indestructible, undying body!”


 “If one can obtain the Primordial Seal of Life and Death and the Little Demon Empress wore it, then as long as she does not get killed by any external force, she can live for as long as she wants! Not only will she not die, but she will never grow old either!”


 “The Primordial Seal of Life and Death is the only artifact that grants ‘eternal life’ in the entire primordial universe! In the ancient past, even those true gods went crazy over it, because even if a true god had an extremely long lifespan, it was not boundless. And the stronger a god grew, the more frantically that god desired it.”


 “Eternal life, that is a temptation that no living being can resist! And that is why it is qualified to be ranked third amongst the Seven Great Heavenly Profound Treasures!”


 Yun Che silently listened and after that, he did not speak for a long time. The Heavenly Profound Treasures, every single one of them possessed a heaven-defying ability. The Sky Poison Pearl’s had the heaven-defying abilities in regards to poison, refinement and purification. The Mirror of Samsara possessed the ability of reincarnation... But the Great Heavenly Profound Treasure that Jasmine was talking about actually had the fantastical ability of ‘eternity’... That was to say the power of ‘eternal life’!


 An eternal lifespan, a never ending life...


 It was just that this artifact sounded way too fantastical. It was fantastical to the point where Yun Che was nearly unable to fathom its existence.


 “Then this Primordial Seal of Life and Death... Do you know where it is?” Yun Che asked in a very low voice.


 “What do you think?!” Jasmine’s four short words expressed her contempt for Yun Che’s stupid question. “I don’t mind telling you this. Among the Seven Great Heavenly Profound Treasures, the Eternal Heaven Pearl that is ranked fourth, the Sky Poison Pearl that is ranked fifth, the World Needles that is ranked sixth, and the Mirror of Samsara that is ranked seventh, all of these artifacts have surfaced in history countless of times and provoked the same amount of strife and turmoil as people fought over them. And among them, the Eternal Heaven Pearl had long ago been acquired by someone and become the exclusive treasure of a powerful Star Realm... but, the three highest ranking treasures, the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword, the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations, and the Primordial Seal of Life and Death, after the fall of the divine gods, have completely vanished without a trace and have yet to reappear since then! Even though countless people have searched for them, sparing no cost, in the end, these people could not even find find a single trace of them.”


 “Moreover, given the Primordial Seal of Life and Death’s ability of ‘eternity,’ even if it was found, the person who found it would never divulge it. Because if he did, there would be an endless amount of peerless individuals who would try to snatch it away from him. Furthermore, there is no need to activate it, you only need to wear it on your person, so it is extremely easy to conceal its existence. So, there is possibility that it might have already been found, but one can’t say for sure.”


 “Why? Do you want to try to find it?” Jasmine said said mockingly.


 “...” The corner of Yun Che’s brows twitched, and he tightened his hands into fists as he gnashed his teeth. “I simply don’t believe that, besides this, there is no other way!”


 “I have the medical arts passed to me by my teacher, I have the power of the Rage God, the blood of the Dragon God and the Sky Poison Pearl... I simply don’t believe I can’t save the Little Demon Empress!!”


 As Yun Che spoke, he raised his left hand and the image of the Sky Poison Pearl immediately appeared within his palm. He extended his hand to wipe the Sky Poison Pearl, and suddenly, his expression became blank. Following that. it changed greatly as he directly jumped into the air. “My Jade of the Nine Suns... where did my Jade of the Nine Suns go?! How come my Jade of the Nine Suns suddenly disappeared?!!”


 Things that had been put into the Sky Poison Pearl should not, in any circumstances, go missing. But the Jade of the Nine Suns that had been given to him by the Golden Crow Divine Spirit had actually disappeared!


 “Idiot, you’re only discovering it right now? Have you forgotten how your Purple Veined Heaven Crystals and Purple Crystal Jade Marrow went missing in the first place?!” Jasmine said in a huffy tone.


 Yun Che’s eyes widened, and his face turned green. His mind spun, and he roared, “Hong’er... get out here right now!!”


 A red light flashed in front of Yun Che, and Hong’er floated daintily in front of him. But she looked drowsy-eyed and half-asleep, as if she had been woken up from her dreams. A pair of small hands rubbed sleepy eyes, and with a voice that sounded rather dazed, Hong’er replied, “Master, why did you suddenly yell for me? You disturbed my sleep.”


 Hong’er’s half-opened eyes were four parts sleepy, three parts dazed, and three parts innocent. Along with her small, cute face, all that forcefully caused Yun Che’s burgeoning anger to die down once more. His mouth twitched as he asked in a trembling voice, “You, you, you... You ate the Jade of the Nine Suns?”


 “Oo? Jade of the Nine Suns? What is that? Is it nice to eat?” Hong’er’s scarlet pupils blinked.


 “It was a golden-colored... rock that was about this big!” Yun Che drew a comparison as he grit his teeth.


 “Oo... Oh!!” Hong’er’s eyes lit up, she suddenly grew excited, and her drowsiness immediately flew away. “Oh, so that’s what it was! When Master sent it in, I immediately ate it up! That thing was so nice to eat, it was especially delicious... much nicer than that ‘farmer faulty’! Oh, I haven’t thanked Master for giving me something so nice to eat! Thank you Master! Hehe.”


 When it had just arrived... that is to say, two months ago, on the day that the Golden Crow had given him the Jade of the Nine Suns, she had eaten it!!


 Wait! Why did you think it was specifically something for you to eat?! Ah!!!! Thank your sister!!!


 “You... really ate it all? And during the process of eating it... did you feel unwell anywhere... or did you feel there was anything wrong at all?” Yun Che’s voice trembled even harder. The Jade of the Nine Suns... A divine artifact, which in Jasmine’s own words, would destroy the entire Illusory Demon Realm if the energy within it was released! When he had held it in his hands initially, his hands and his heart had trembled a fair bit. But Hong’er... actually ate it... she ate it!


 “Eh? Not well? Why would I feel unwell?”” Hong’er tilted her head, and her face filled with doubt, but she suddenly opened her mouth and said, “Oh right! When I ate that thing called... uh, that thing called the Jade of the Nine Suns, my body suddenly felt really nice, and I really wanted to go to sleep after that. What is even stranger, is that after that, for a very very long time, I did not feel hungry at all. Master, Master, that delicious Jade of the Nine Suns, do you still have anymore? I still wanna eat it!”


 “~！#￥%...” Only Jasmine’s profound strength was abnormal. But this Hong’er... everything about her was abnormal! Even her existence was something that was abnormal!


 Still want to eat... eat your sister!!


 You think the Jade of the Nine Suns is candy?!


 “Hmph, high quality swords and profound jade are Hong’er’s food. The first becomes part of her spirit energy, and the second becomes part of the Primordial Profound Ark’s profound energy. You threw the Jade of the Nine Suns into the Sky Poison Pearl yourself. It is no different from bringing it to her mouth yourself, so who’s fault is it?”


 Yun Che was speechless... Why would the thought that Hong’er would eat that even cross his mind?!


 “However, the greatest use the Jade of the Nine Suns would be of to you right now is to power the Primordial Profound Ark. So it should have been given to Hong’er to eat anyways because this is the only way for the Primordial Profound Ark to obtain profound energy.”


 Jasmine floated into existence, and she stood next to Hong’er. One of them was crowned with bewitching blood-red hair while the other had light and buoyant vermillion hair. “Summon the Primordial Profound Ark now. With the profound energy supplied by the Jade of the Nine Suns, it should have undergone a monumental change.”


 Yun Che extended his hand, and following his mental summons, the Primordial Profound Ark, that had been thrown inside the Sky Poison Pearl for a long time, appeared in the palm of his hand. Only now, its outer appearance was no longer the initial deep red color, but the same vermillion of Hong’er’s hair and eyes. At the same time, the body of the ark was vibrating with a mysterious and robust aura.


 “This is...” Yun Che was momentarily stumped for words, but following that, he felt an incomparably clear spiritual connection with the Primordial Profound Ark. He tried to focus mentally and control the ark with his mind...


 Immediately, the Primordial Profound Ark rose in the air and instantly moved to the location that he had mentally indicated, rapidly becoming bigger thereafter. And once it had expanded to the size that he desired, it just as swiftly shrank and returned to the palm of his hand.


 Yun Che gave a mental command again, and his entire body instantly vanished. Even Jasmine and Hong’er, who were in front of him, vanished along with him. And only the Primordial Profound Ark was left there silently floating in its initial position.


 Following Yun Che’s mental command to enter the Primordial Profound Ark, the world in front of him swiftly changed, and in the blink of an eye, he was located in the middle of a large stone hall. Surrounding him were walls so high that he could not see the top of them, and the sky above was so high that he could not see its limit. Beneath him, there was a tall, circular stone dais... The end of the stone dais looked like it could barely fit a person.


 Astonishingly, this was the towering ancient fortress which he had entered when he had first entered the Primordial Profound Ark, and below his feet was the place he had rescued Hong’er from.


 Yun Che stared blankly into space for a while before carefully making another mental command. Immediately, the outside world... which was also the surroundings around the Primordial Profound Ark, was projected into his brain with incomparable clarity. He made another mental command yet again, and these images were immediately transformed into a substantial image which unfurled right before his eyes.


 “This is indeed a divine artifact that came from the Ancient Era, it is indeed out of the ordinary.” Jasmine appeared by his side, surveying her surroundings, and even she had a look of faint astonishment on her face.


 “This is simply too... wondrous!” Yun Che sucked in his breath. That spiritual connection that suddenly appeared, and his continuous tests succeeded one after another. He could freely control the movement of the Primordial Profound Ark, could freely change its size, and could freely use his thoughts to enter and exit it at will. Furthermore, when he was inside the Primordial Profound Ark, he could at any time clearly survey the outside world.


 It was not that Yun Che had never seen a profound ark... but a profound ark that was as mysterious and wondrous as this, he had never even heard of it before!


 Moreover, within the spiritual connection, there clearly existed a “dimensional travel” option. Which is to say that Yun Che only needed to give the mental command “jump one thousand five hundred kilometers east” and the Primordial Profound Ark would instantly rip open space and carry him one thousand five hundred kilometers east!


 It only needed an instant!


 And within this spiritual connection, the thing that was most clear of all was that... he only had secondary control authority of this Primordial Profound Ark! Which is to say, that in regards to this extremely mysterious Primordial Profound Ark, which was almost comparable with the Heavenly Profound Treasures, he was not the main controller.
This chapter made its debut appearance via N0v3lB1n.

 The main control authority astonishingly lay in the hands of Hong’er!!


 That means that, if Yun Che and Hong’er simultaneously gave commands to the Primordial Profound Ark... Hong’er wanting it to go east, while Yun Che wanting it to go west, the Primordial Profound Ark would completely ignore Yun Che’s commands and obediently head east.


 Another example would be that if Hong’er was angry that day and wanted to kick Yun Che out of the Primordial Profound Ark, Yun Che would have no choice but to obediently get kicked out. And if Yun Che wanted to throw Hong’er out of the Primordial Profound Ark... that was simply not possible.


 The conclusion was that... even though the Primordial Profound Ark had been revived by the powerful profound energy of the Jade of the Nine Suns, if Yun Che wanted to comfortably use it, he had to first curry favor with this “Big Boss” Hong’er and serve her well.


 And if he wanted to comfortably use the “Heaven Smiting Devil Slayer Sword,” he also had to first curry favor with this “Big Boss” Hong’er and serve her well.


 In short... of these two girls who “followed him,” Jasmine was not only his master, but she also carried the difficult job of being his guide, whereas Hong’er... was a super big boss who did not need to do anything and had to be waited on hand and foot!!


 This Chapter’s Teaser

