

Chapter 1485 - Warning

 The slave imprint had been formed. The Brahma Monarch Goddess had now become Yun Che’s slave for a thousand years due to Xia Qingyue’s schemes and her pursuit of vengeance.


 “The Lady Goddess’s profound cultivation is shockingly high. Though it has never been totally revealed before, according to this old one’s guess, her cultivation would not be weaker than any Brahma God and isn’t even much weaker than the Brahma Heaven God Emperor himself.”


 “Furthermore, even though her current cultivation was built upon her Brahma God divine inheritance, she had obtained the majority of it through her own efforts.”


 The Eternal Heaven God Emperor let out a deep sorrowful sigh. Qianye Ying’er’s innate talent in the profound way and her dedication to it would cause anyone to gasp in amazement. It would be a great blessing for the Eastern Divine Region if she were righteous and pure like Yun Che. It was such a pity...


 “With her at your side protecting you, no one in this world would be able to harm you even if they wanted to,” the Eternal Heaven God Emperor said. “But, you must still remain vigilant. If this matter is leaked out, its consequences will be a million times greater than you can imagine. Especially the Southern Sea God Emperor... you must beware of him. It will also be difficult to predict what the reactions of the Brahma Monarch God Realm will be.”


 “Please be assured Eternal Heaven God Emperor,” Xia Qingyue said, “everyone knows that the slave imprint cannot be forced on someone, it can only be formed when one is willing. Also, the world is at peace because of Yun Che. As long as they have not forgotten the name Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor, what would they be able to do to him?”


 “Moreover, even if the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor chooses to no longer protect Yun Che, with Qianye Ying’er as his most loyal slave, who would dare to approach him?”


 That’s right, the slave imprint had already been formed!


 Even if the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor suddenly disappeared from this world, who would dare antagonize Yun Che now that he had Qianye Ying’er as his slave?


 Harming Yun Che would also mean thoroughly enraging Qianye Ying’er and who in this universe would truly dare to enrage the Brahma Monarch Goddess?


 Even the Moon God Emperor, Yue Wuya, who hated her to the core back then, and Star God Emperor Xing Juekong, whose son had died because of her, could only obediently restrain themselves in front of her.


 Moreover, he had the backing of the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor and the fame of saving the world... He also had the Eternal Heaven God Realm and the Moon God Realm! And there was also Mu Xuanyin! And those upper star realms who knew the truth and were vying to curry favor with him!


 It would not be an exaggeration to say that the current Yun Che was the one person who could not be provoked in the Eastern Divine Region! In fact, he was the only person one could least afford to provoke in the entire universe! Even more so than all the god emperors of the king realms!


 The Eternal Heaven God Emperor thought for a bit before he smiled, “The Moon God Emperor is right. Yun Che, this is the first time that this old one has ever helped to create a slave imprint, and this old one is only willing to do it for you. In this case, if you are able to advise the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor to restrain the devil gods who are about to return, even just two or three, then your achievements would be a blessing for all creation in the current and future eras. At that time, you will deserve to be blessed by the entire world, much less being able to command this old one.”


 Yun Che immediately bowed and said, “Senior, your words are too heavy. Since this junior has inherited the strength of the Heretic God, all of these things are part of my duty. I thank Senior for coming all the way here to help us today.”


 “Hehe.” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor gladly nodded his head. “If you meet with any difficulty, please come to my Eternal Heaven any time and this old one will do his best to help you.”


 He was greatly astonished that he had so easily accepted and even facilitated what had happened today without even feeling much guilt over it. He could not help but smile secretly as he thought: It looks like everything in this world can be accommodated as long as it concerns Yun Che. After all, he is the true God Child Messiah.


 The four words “will do his best” had come out of a god emperor’s mouth, and each word was heavier than a mountain.


 Before Qianye Ying’er, the Eternal Heaven God Emperor himself could already be considered one of Yun Che’s protective talismans. However, he was the king of the Eternal Heaven God Realm, so he could not spend too much energy on Yun Che.


 Meanwhile Qianye Ying’er... would from today onward become Yun Che’s strongest and scariest sword and shield, and would always accompany him.


 It was not just her strength, but also her viciousness and cunning!


 The slave imprint made the person who was afflicted with it extremely loyal to the person who had planted it. But other than that, it would not change the psychological state or the knowledge of the afflicted person. It was simply akin to engraving the notion that she had to be loyal to Yun Che in her consciousness.


 In other words, to Yun Che, she would be the most loyal and faithful slave. But to others, she would still be the mighty and terrifying Brahma Monarch Goddess who should never be provoked!


 As such, it would be hard for the Eternal Heaven God Emperor to be worried for Yun Che’s safety even if he wanted to.


 “As a witness, I will have to ask the two of you to keep your promise,” the Eternal Heaven God Emperor reminded them.


 “Of course,” Xia Qingyue promised, “the Eternal Heaven God Emperor can rest assured. Even though this king hates Qianye Ying’er with a vengeance, since I dared to invite you to come here, I naturally did not have any intention of going back on my word and I would not put you in a tight spot.”


 “Mn.” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor smiled slightly and nodded his head. “In that case, this old one shall take his leave. I would think that the Moon God Emperor already has plans on how to face the Brahma Monarch God Realm from now on.”


 “Lian Yue, please respectfully escort the Eternal Heaven God Emperor back to his realm on my behalf,” Xia Qingyue said.


 “Yes.”


 With the departure of the Eternal Heaven God Emperor, only Yun Che, Xia Qingyue, and Qianye Ying’er, who was still kneeling on the ground, were left in the hall. There was an indescribable subtleness in the atmosphere.


 Recalling the last time the three of them were in the same place, Yun Che and Xia Qingyue were but two small and weak children. They had been completely humiliated and manipulated by Qianye Ying’er and they did not even have the strength to struggle and retaliate. If Jasmine and Caizhi had not arrived then, it would have been impossible to escape from her hands.


 Be it in the Forbidden Land of Samsara, in the lower realms, or even when he had returned to the God Realm, Yun Che would tremble with fear whenever the image of Qianye Ying’er flashed across his mind.


 But now...


 “Qianye Ying’er,” Yun Che looked down at her figure that was overflowing with faint golden light, “From today onward, you will still be the Brahma Monarch Goddess, Qianye Ying’er, in public. But in front of me, you will be ‘Slave Ying’, understand?”


 “Yes.” Her head of golden hair bobbed up and down and her delicate head, that was already bent, bent even lower as she said, “Slave Ying will obey everything that Master says.”


 Xia Qingyue, “...”


 “Very good, you may rise.”


 On the surface, Yun Che looked serious and cold, his tone was steady and calm. But in reality, his heart was beating at an extremely shocking pace.


 Looking at her kneeling and bent form and her cold but submissive words, the Brahma Monarch Goddess truly seemed like an obedient kitten. Yet when he recalled the dark and terrifying shadow she had left in his heart all those years ago... he could not help but grow dazed.


 Even now, he was still unable to believe that all this was actually real.


 From now on, am I really able to order this terrifying Eastern Region’s number one goddess around however I please!?


 This felt a million times more surreal than even killing her with a single slap!


 Qianye Ying’er complied with his words, rose to her feet and stood there quietly.


 “Qianye Ying’er, to think that you would willingly become a slave to save your royal father. This is something that truly moves the heavens and the earth. Even if this matter were to get out, no one would believe that the Brahma Monarch Goddess would ever do something like this.” At this moment, Xia Qingyue’s tone suddenly turned icy, “But, you better not be naive enough to think that our grudges will be settled just like that! I only did this because you still have value now. Compared to the harm that you brought upon my mother, father, and foster father, the despair that I once felt, and the hatred and gloom I had to live with for all of these years, what you are paying now... is only a tiny fraction of that!”


 Qianye Ying’er looked sideways, a golden light instantly flashed in her eyes, and it was as if there were countless sharp golden swords driving through Xia Qingyue’s soul, “Based on you alone!?”


 “Ahem, who allowed you to speak to Qingyue in that manner!” Yun Che’s cold rebuke... was still a little weak and timid.


 The cold light in Qianye Ying’er’s eyes instantly faded as she lowered her delicate head and said, “Slave Ying knows her mistake.”


 “...” Yun Che instantly grimaced and shuddered uncontrollably from head to toe.


 He simply could not describe what this feeling was, and no one else could feel it or describe it either.


 To be able to plant a slave imprint of the Brahma Monarch Goddess despite only being a Divine King... He was absolutely sure that this was the most outrageous slave imprint in the history of the God Realm.


 Xia Qingyue glanced at him and said, “You’re actually still nervous when facing a slave who is absolutely loyal to you?”


 “I’m not nervous.” Yun Che stretched out his hand and rubbed his forehead, “It’s just been a bit too stimulating... It wasn’t even this exciting when the Brahma Soul Death-Wishing Mark had been planted on me back then. I need some time to get used to it.”


 “You have a thousand years to adjust to this,” Xia Qingyue said, “but for now, you should let her go back. It would not be a good thing if she doesn’t make it back in time.”


 Yun Che let out a long sigh and nodded his head. He stretched out his palm and grabbed nine pills that twinkled with green light before he solemnly told Qianye Ying’er, “Slave Ying, these nine Sky Poison Pellets contains the cleansing power of the Sky Poison Pearl. Give them to your royal father and the eight Brahma Kings who were poisoned and the Sky Poison in them will be cleansed.”


 These nine so-called “Sky Poison Pellets” truly contained the cleansing power of the Sky Poison Pearl and they would truly be able to swiftly cleanse the Sky Poison in the bodies of Qianye Fantian and the Brahma Kings. But essentially, it was just a deception... because the Sky Poison would only be effective for about forty odd hours. Based on the number of hours that had already passed, the poison in them would have more or less started to dissipate by the time Qianye Ying’er returned to the Brahma Monarch God Realm.


 However, it would certainly be for the best if no one discovered that the Sky Poison was only effective for forty odd hours. Otherwise, it would not be as easy to trick others with the same method.


 Qianye Ying’er stretched out her hand and took them before quickly kneeling on one knee. Her still icy voice contained deep excitement and gratitude as she said, “Slave Ying thanks Master for his favor.”


 “With these pills as a medium, the cleansing power will swiftly dissipate. Therefore, should you not want anything to happen to them, you must go back immediately and let them take the pill at the first possible instant. After that, come back obediently, don’t tarry for too long!”


 Under normal circumstances, Yun Che would almost never be able to entrap Qianye Ying’er due to how terrifying she was. But the current Qianye Ying’er would never go against a single thing that Yun Che said. She accepted her order respectfully and was about to leave when she heard Xia Qingyue say, “Tell her that she does not need to come back here. Instead, tell her to go straight to the Snow Song Realm to find you.”


 “Uh...” Yun Che widened his eyes, “Are you chasing me away just like that?”


 “All that needs to be done has been accomplished, I have also given you the talisman that I promised you. So what other reason would you have to stay here?” Xia Qingyue said indifferently.
This essence is securely nested within the heart of Nøv€lß¡n★

 “Hey, hey! It’s rare for me to be able to visit the Moon God Realm and now that we are finally free of distractions, we should at least nurture our relationship as husband and wife.”


 Xia Qingyue, “...”


 “Oh right.” Yun Che pointed at Qianye Ying’er and said, “Don’t you want to take advantage of this opportunity to vent your rage by beating this woman up violently? I promise you that she won’t retaliate.”


 “Hmph, how childish!” Xia Qingyue turned her face away and said, “I have just completed the first part of my revenge. I have already made my own plans in regards to how I will proceed in the future, so why should I stoop to this!?”


 “...Alright then.” Since Xia Qingyue put it that way, Yun Che did not insist on it anymore and said to Qianye Ying’er, “After you leave the Brahma Monarch God Realm, go to the Snow Song Realm directly to look for me.”


 Qianye Ying’er departed... she was still the Brahma Monarch Goddess and outsiders would not be able to see a single change on her. But, she had become the Brahma Monarch Goddess that belonged to Yun Che alone!


 “Yun Che,” Xia Qingyue coldly said the moment Qianye Ying’er departed, “Qianye Ying’er is now your slave. You can order her around, make use of her, vent your anger on her, humiliate her, and ravish her as you please... you can do whatever you want to her. But there is something that you must remember!”


 Yun Che, “...”


 “She is still someone that I must kill! Making her your slave with this scheme of mine does not mean that I don’t wish to kill her. Rather, it only means that I can’t kill her right now! Whatever happens between the two of you is none of my business. But... you definitely must not develop any feelings for her! Even more than that, you definitely must not have any children with her! Understand!?”


 Xia Qingyue said those words with extreme severity, and a deep warning was contained in every word.


 Yun Che’s lips curled up slightly as he said with amusement, “Develop feelings for her or have children with her!? Me!? Qingyue, I didn’t know that you actually knew how to tell jokes.”


 “...” Xia Qingyue was rendered utterly speechless for a moment. After that, she turned around and her voice had unconsciously grown a lot more gentle, “You’re always so flippant.”


 “Also, there’s another thing that you’d better take note of in advance.” Xia Qingyue spoke again. Yun Che could only see her back, so he was unable to see the gloomy hatred that flashed in her moon-like eyes, “A thousand years from now, Qianye Ying’er must die by my hands!”


 She was not asking Yun Che for his opinion, she was giving him an order that could not be questioned.


 “Alright,” Yun Che agreed without any hesitation.


 Although she had promised to not order Qianye Ying’er to kill or cripple herself while she was under the slave imprint, Yun Che could distinctly sense that Xia Qingyue had already thought of how to kill her after a thousand years had passed... She would not hesitate to use any methods, even those that she used to despise and disdain, when it involved the person that she hated the most.


 “Jin Yue,” Xia Qingyue faced the front and spoke, “go and escort Yun Che back to the Snow Song Realm personally.”

