

Chapter 1989 - Stomp

Chapter 1989 - Stomp

UNEDITED - Rubble

The first person to react after the “accident” occurred was Helian Lingzhu. She had practically teleported in front of Yun Che to prevent Zhuai Liancheng and Ximen Qi from looking at him. “He… he’s just one of my guards. Withdraw now, Yun Che!”

“Guard?” Zhuai Liancheng raised an eyebrow. “Considering how soft and tender he looks, I think it’s more likely that he’s your toy boy than your guard!”

“You… nonsense! Of course he isn’t!” Helian Lingzhu was growing incoherent from how panicked she was. She yelled again, “Withdraw now, Yun Che!”

But Zhuai Lian Cheng raised his hand and summoned an invisible wall. “Not until he answers Young Master Qi. What were you laughing about?”

Helian Lingzhu was about to cover for Yun Che once more, but he answered, “It’s nothing. I just recalled something funny is all.”

His mild explanation—one that was completely lacking in fear and practically uncaring—was worse than a direct provocation considering that this was supposed to be Zhuai Liancheng and Ximen Qi’s greatest moment right now. Zhuai Liancheng smiled casually yet dangerously, “What’s so funny about it? Care to share it with Young Master Qi and I?”

“Heh!” This time, Yun Che did not bother to hide his disdain. He scoffed out loud and said, “What? Are you so inept that you can’t even read between the lines? I was laughing at two foolish, ignorant and embarrassing clowns, of course. Can you guess who they were?”

Helian Lingzhu turned deathly pale in an instant. Even Mo Cangying was so stunned that he temporarily forgot his anger.

Zhuai Liancheng and Ximen Qi froze, but only for an instant. Their mouths split into a dangerous grin that was half part playful and half part excited. After all, who doesn’t like faceslapping an arrogant idiot? Who doesn’t like playing with a free toy?

“Yun Che…” Heliang Lingzhu’s voice was clearly shaking. “Have you… gone mad? They’re… they’re…”

“He must have a death wish!” Mo Cangying muttered in a helpless, despairing tone.

“Hahahaha! Good! Very good! Zhuai Liancheng glanced Yun Che up and down a couple of times. He was about to say something when suddenly, a well of jealousy sprung inside of him.

Most denizens of the Abyss were exposed to abyssal dust all the time. It was why their skin often looked gray and rough no matter their power level. On the other hand, Yun Che had a pair of eyes that looked like black abysses, eyebrows that looked like swords, hair that looked like the embodiment of night itself, and a face that looked like it had been carved out of marble.

There were some very faint marks on his face. It was clear that he had only recently recovered from some sort of injury. But instead of marring his handsomeness, it made him look devilish instead.

In short, Yun Che was the best-looking pretty boy he had ever seen in his life!

Jealousy led to hatred, and hatred led to the desire to destroy Yun Che even if they didn’t know each other until now.

Helian Jue sucked in a deep breath and said, “He…”

The emperor wanted to say that Yun Che was no guard, and he had absolutely nothing to do with the Helian Empire whatsoever. However, Helian Lingzhu had already called him her guard earlier, so denying it now would only make things worse. So, he said, “This boy had just come to the Qilin Abyss Realm a while ago, and we don’t know where he came from. He is Lingzhu’s guard, but we haven’t registered him officially.”

“One thing for certain, his words and actions have nothing to do with the imperial family. You are free to deal with him as you please.”

Helian Lingzhu’s eyes widened. “Fa—”

“Get lost now, Yun Che!” Helian Jue ignored her and shouted.

Yun Che scoffed inside his heart. Now he acts like he’s an emperor?

“Get lost? Get lost to where?” Ximen Qi shook his head. “He insulted me and the young master of the Boulder Profound Sect. Do you really think we’re going to let him go?”

Helian Lingzhu gritted her teeth. “Young Master Zhuai, Young Master Ximen, Yun Che is just an outsider who knows nothing about the Boulder Profound Sect or the Qilin Worship Alliance. If one does not know any better, then how can they be held responsible? I… I will exile him from the Qilin Abyss Realm right now. I promise you he won’t show himself before the two of you anymore.”

“Hahahaha!” Zhuai Liancheng burst out laughing. “I cannot believe how much you’re defending this ‘outsider guard’ of yours, First Princess! You must love your toy boy a lot. Does he drive you up the wall all day and night? Brother Cangying! I’m so sorry, but I think the woman you’ve been buttering up this whole time has been used up by this pretty face, haha—”

Zhuai Liancheng was going to laugh some more when he abruptly recalled that Helian Lingzhu was going to be Ximen Qi’s woman. He hurriedly swallowed his laughter.

Helian Lingzhu was the First Princess of Helian. To say that she had never heard such insulting words until today would be an understatement. Shaking like a leaf, she uttered, “You… you…!”

Mo Cangying knew better than anyone that Yun Che and Helian Lingzhu had only known each other for a while. Despite this, he couldn't help but turn beet red with shame and anger. It was because he also knew that Zhuai Liancheng’s taunts weren’t completely off. After all, he had seen with his own eyes Helian Lingzhu crossing the line multiple times to befriend and defend Yun Che.

He took a step forward and tried to say something, but once again Yun Che spoke in a lazy voice, “So? What are you two going to do to me, clowns?”

If his previous words could barely be interpreted as an act of ignorance and stupidity, now he was literally taunting them to their faces. It was so direct that Zhuai Liancheng stopped smiling and glared at him coldly. “Do you really want to die this badly?”

Yun Che grinned and crossed his arms before his chest. “I don’t understand. The two of you have the face of a waste-of-breath, and you’re using your background to oppress others instead of your own power. Not only that, one of you has the gall to claim himself invincible under the Divine Master Realm. If you’re not clowns, then who are?”

“...” Helian Lingzhu caught Yun Che’s sleeve instantly. Her eyes were trembling, and she was so shocked she couldn’t say a word.

Mo Cangying had spun around to stare at Yun Che as well. Although the young man was courting death, it was a fact that he was spitting facts he had always wanted to say but could not, doing things he had always wanted to do but could not for various reasons.

“Heh. Hehehe…” Ximen Qi was truly angry at this point. “Not even God can save you now, boy!”

“Is that so?” Despite Ximen Qi’s bloodlust, Yun Che wasn’t afraid in the slightest. He even stepped toward the young man and taunted, “How are you going to kill me then?”

“Oh~ right~” Yun Che raised his eyebrows. “You are a so-called ‘unrivaled profound practitioner’ under the Divine Master Realm. Since we’re both Divine Sovereigns, I’m sure you can kill me as easily as turning your palm, right?”The initial posting of this chapter occurred via noovelllbbin

Yun Che was about one-sixth of a meter taller than Ximen Qi, so it became clear who was looking down on who when he got close. Even if that wasn’t the case, the undisguised scorn and disgust in his eyes made it clear that he truly thought that Qimen Xi was an embarrassing clown from the bottom of his heart.

Ximen Qi’s expression suddenly turned ugly. Even worse, he actually felt like he was being pushed back by Yun Che. He had no idea that the young man before him was—is—the emperor of an entire universe.

Ximen Qi’s smile slowly became warped as anger got to him. He shook his wrists a little and said darkly, “This is the first time I meet someone who wants to die this badly. Since you came to me yourself, it would only be right that I grant you your wish, right?”

As soon as he said this, rock grew out of his fingers as he made a grab for Yun Che’s throat. If it hit, he would tear out his throat for sure.

The duo were literally a step away from each other, and Ximen Qi had attacked without warning, so no one could react to the sudden attack in time. Even Helian Lingzhu could only muster a horrified scream.

Bang!

It sounded like a hundred thunderclaps exploding at the same time. There was a flash of withered yellow, and a man was thrown into the wall. 

Helian Lingzhu abruptly stopped screaming, and Zhuai Liancheng’s taunting smile froze on his face. It was because Yun Che was still standing where he was with a mocking smile on his face. Forget moving, not even his hair was kicked up by the impact.

Zhuai Liancheng spun toward the silhouette who was rolling down the wall with difficulty. It was none other than Ximen Qi!

Ximen Qi’s head and knees hit the ground at the same time. He looked like no better than an air-dried toad right now. He should’ve gotten back to his feet right away if only to avoid looking so ugly, but he remained in this position for breaths as if he had suddenly fallen into an outrageous nightmare.

Zhuai Liancheng was stunned. Helian Lingzhu, Helian Jue and Mo Cangying were stunned as well.

When Ximen Qi finally came back to the earth, he stared at Yun Che and screeched, “YOU—”

Whoosh!

A gale blew, and a shadow swiftly dominated Ximen Qi’s vision.

Boom bang!

Yun Che kicked him right in the face and shattered his protective profound energy in an instant. He was immediately thrown back into the wall once more. Such was the impact that that entire section of the wall crumbled into pieces. Yun Che had literally kicked his entire head into the wall, leaving only the lower half outside.

Yun Che leisurely walked over to Ximen Qi and planted his foot on the young master’s face. He then started rubbing back and forth while taunting, “You must be joking! We’re both Divine Sovereigns, and yet you couldn’t even take a hit from me, a mere guard. This is what you call ‘unrivaled under Divine Master Realm’? Am I crazy, or are you crazy?”

“I take back my words. To call you a clown would be an insult to clowns.”

Helian Lingzhu’s mouth was agape. She couldn’t say anything for a long time. Even Helian Jue had forgotten the pounding pain coming from his heart.

The one who was stunned the most by this outcome was Zhuai Liancheng, however. He knew better than anyone how strong Ximen Qi was. Ximen Borong had even asked him to suppress his breakthrough so that Ximen Boyun could strengthen him with the miraculous spirit herbs he brought back from the Pure Land for years. 

The claim that Ximen Qi was unrivaled in the Qilin Abyss Realm wasn’t a lie. Ximen Boyun was the one who claimed he was unrivaled under Divine Master, and yet… and yet…

How on earth did Yun Che, another peak Divine Sovereign, manage to trounce him like he was nothing?

“Grr… grrk!” A muffled groan came from inside the wall, followed by a bloodcurdling scream.

Boom!

The wall abruptly exploded, and Ximen Qi finally managed to escape the sole of Yun Che’s shoe. Blood poured profusely down his face and the back of his head as he staggered back to his feet. His eyes and his face grew increasingly manic when he wiped his face and stared at the blood on his palm. He couldn’t feel any pain because his heart was going crazy with humiliation and the desire for violence. It was so overwhelming that he felt like every cell in his body was burning alive.

He was Ximen Qi, son of the alliance master of the Qilin Worship Alliance and the future prince of the Qilin Worship Dynasty.

His talent was so outstanding that even Ximen Boyun gave him his unreserved praise. Assuming he continued to grow as quickly as he did, it wasn’t impossible that his father might choose to make him the crown prince instead of his older brother.

However, Yun Che had sent him flying and even stepped on his face. He was just a peak Divine Sovereign, and he was just a princess guard that hadn’t even caught his notice until now!

He had never been shamed this badly! He could die a million times and never forget this shame!

“You walking garbage, son of a bitch, slave!” He howled the vilest curses he knew through gritted teeth, “I’ll kill you with my own two hands!”

“Seriously?” Yun Che only stared at him like he was looking at a pitiful idiot.

