

Chapter 922 - Mysteries of the Evil God (2)

  

 “The Evil God and the Creation Gods were the very first divine beings!? So this means that the Evil God was a god who stood at the same level as the Creation Gods?” Yun Che asked in astonishment.


 “That’s right. The Four Great Devil Emperors were the first and most powerful of all the devils. Correspondingly, the Three Great Creation Gods and the Evil God were the first gods and also the most powerful gods,” the Golden Crow Soul replied.


 “The Three Great Creation Gods all had different divine powers. The leader of the three, the Heaven Punishing Divine Emperor 【Mo E】not only had the strongest divine power, he was also able to control the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword, so he was the strongest existence among the gods. However, it is possible that his lifespan was shortened because the overbearing power of the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword sapped away at his very life. He became the first of the Three Great Creation Gods to fall. His divine essence dissipated entirely before the vicious war between the devils and gods had completely erupted but at that time, it could be said that his lifespan had come to its complete end.”


 “The other two Creation Gods were called 【Xi Ke】and 【Li Suo】. With the Eternal Heaven Pearl in hand, 【Xi Ke】 possessed a supreme divine power which could interfere with time itself. Meanwhile, 【Li Suo】held the Primordial Seal of Life and Death in her hands; she had an infinite lifespan and her divine power was controlling the very powers of life itself. She was also the one who created the most planets and lifeforms. As for the Evil God, he possessed the ultimate form of all elemental powers, he was able to handle and harness elemental powers in a way that practically ignored the very principles and laws of Primal Chaos. After that, he created the 【Evil God Arts】 which shocked and awed all of the gods, causing his divine power to become even stronger. After that, there was a rumour in the Realm of the Gods that if the Evil God went all out, he might even be able to beat the Heaven Punishing Divine Emperor if the latter did not use the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword.


 “...” Yun Che’s mouth gaped open even more, a exclamation ceaselessly ringing in his mind... Damn, the Evil God was actually such an overpowered existence.


 As he was listening attentively, Yun Che practically blurted out a question, “Since the Three Great Creation Gods were the first gods, then why wasn’t the Evil God also given the title of Creation God?”


 “The Evil God was also considered one of the Creation Gods initially. During the earliest period of the Era of Gods, there were considered to be Four Great Creation Gods and the Evil God numbered among them. During the time the Evil God was considered a Creation God, he used his divine powers to create many lifeforms and planets. The Blue Pole Star that you are on right now is the very first planet he ever created.”


 “Eh? Then why...”


 “This matter touches upon a very complicated mystery pertaining the Primordial Era.” The tone of the Golden Crow Soul’s voice turned rather complex. It lapsed into a brief silence, as if it was hesitating on whether or not to relay this information to Yun Che.


 “This noble one just said that there was a rumor circulating in the Realm of the Gods that the Evil God might be able to defeat the Heaven Punishing Divine Emperor. Naturally, there was a reason behind the birth of this rumor. Because the Heaven Punishing Divine Emperor and the Evil God had indeed exchanged blows once... After that, the Evil God changed his own divine title to ‘Evil God’ and no longer counted himself among the Creation Gods. From then onwards, the Four Great Creation Gods were reduced to the Three Great Creation Gods... At the same time, the Four Great Devil Emperors of the devil race were also reduced to the Three Great Devil Emperors.”
This essence is securely nested within the heart of Nøv€lß¡n★

 “???” Yun Che had a completely stunned look on his face when he heard those words. What did this have to do with that? Why did the Evil God get into a fight with the Heaven Punishing Divine Emperor? What did the Evil God refusing the title of Creation God have to do with the change in the number of Devil Emperors the devil race had?


 “This matter involved a divine art... A divine art that originated from the Ancestral God.”


 The Golden Crow Soul’s tone changed as the speed at which it was talking seemed to slow down of its own accord. Even when it had brought up the Heaven Punishing Divine Emperor, the head of all the gods, its tone had remained calm and even from start to finish. But the moment it mentioned this “divine art”, it’s tone became as reverential as that of a common man revering his gods.


 “The Ancestral... divine art?” Yun Che mumbled in stunned amazement.


 “It is rumored that it is the all-powerful profound art created by the Ancestral God over millions of years. It is so powerful that normal creatures will not be able to comprehend. Before the Ancestral God dissipated, she could not bear the see the fruit of millions of years of blood and sweat vanish into the aether along with her. But she was also afraid that this profound art was far too powerful and it could give rise to a power that could disrupt the balance in the Primal Chaos. So, she split her divine art into three parts, sending it into different corners of the Primal Chaos.”


 “This scattered divine art did not live on in the form of a soul imprint. Instead it existed in writing, a most direct and simple form. But the words that this divine art was written in were created by the Ancestral God herself, a set of words that have been called the ‘Divine Text of Absolute Beginning.’ The only ones who could recognize these words in the universe were the Four Great Creation Gods and the Four Devil Emperors who had all inherited the Ancestral God’s memory fragments. Also, they were naturally also the first beings to know about the existence of the Ancestral Divine art as well.”


 “Yun Che, do you know why the god race and the devil race bear such great enmity and revulsion towards each other?” the Golden Crow Soul suddenly asked.


 Yun Che pondered that question for a while before replying, “I heard Master say before that the terrible war which caused the destruction of both the gods and devils started because they were fighting over possession of the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword. Could it be that the first sparks of conflict were actually due to this ‘Ancestral Divine art’ that you just mentioned?”


 The Golden Crow’s Soul replied, “The god and devil races were birthed at the same time, existing together in the south and north ends of the Primal Chaos Dimension. Even though their powers were different as night and day, they minded their own business. Even though they did not like each other, they rarely came into contact and also rarely came into conflict with the other. At the very least, they definitely did not look at each other as enemies. That status quo lasted until the devil race and the god race each found a portion of the ‘Ancestral Divine art.’”


 “Now that you mention it... What was this ‘Ancestral Divine art’ called?” Yun Che asked as his curiosity got the better of him.


 “This noble one does not know and perhaps even the Golden Crow Divine God itself does not know the answer to that question either.” The Golden Crow Soul said in an unhurried fashion, “What I do know is that this ‘Ancestral Divine art’ was undoubtedly extremely enticing to even the Devil Emperors and the Creation Gods. In order to better research the ‘Ancestral Divine art’, the Devil Emperor who had obtained one part made a suggestion to the Creation God who had obtained another part. The Devil Emperor suggested that they combine both parts that they presently had so they could delve the mysteries of the ‘Ancestral Divine art’ together. Even though it was not complete, if two of three pieces that comprised the ‘Ancestral Divine art’ were combined, perhaps it would be enough to start deciphering some small clues regarding it. The Creation God happily agreed to this proposition.”


 “Furthermore, the Creation God who had obtained a piece of the ‘Ancestral Divine art’ was the Heaven Punishing Divine Emperor.”


 “After they had agreed upon this, that Devil Emperor sallied forth to the southern part of the Primal Chaos Dimension to look for the Heaven Punishing Divine Emperor so they could research this divine art together. They had agreed to meet at one of the borders of the Primal Chaos Dimension which would not be disturbed by any other living creature. But, in the end, they were still crossing the Primal Chaos Dimension into the territories where the god race lived, so that Devil Emperor did not come alone. He did not only bring that divine art along with him, he also brought nine hundred devil gods from his own clan to protect him... But who would have guessed that they would fall into the Heaven Punishing Divine Emperor’s trap.”


 “!!” Yun Che was shocked by these words, “Could it be that... the Heaven Punishing Divine Emperor did this to snatch away the portion of the divine art that was in the possession of that Devil Emperor?”


 “That’s right.”


 Yun Che, “...”


 “When that Devil Emperor produced his piece of the divine art, the Heaven Punishing Divine Emperor did not take out his own piece of the divine art. Instead, he summoned out the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword. While the vicious battle raged on, he used the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword to blast open the Wall of Primal Chaos, banishing that Devil Emperor and all the devil gods that he brought with him to a place that was outside the Primal Chaos Dimension.”


 Yun Che was completely dumbstruck by those words. He said, “The Heaven Punishing Divine Emperor was the emperor of all the gods, but to think he was actually such a... despicable person.”


 “No,” the Golden Crow Soul rebutted Yun Che, “The Heaven Punishing Divine Emperor definitely was not a despicable man. On the contrary, he was a person who abhorred evil far too much. From the moment he was born, the devils, who used negative profound energy, were wicked and sinful existences to him. So he definitely would not allow the divine art that had come from the Ancestral God to fall into the hands of the devils.”


 “This...” Yun Che could not muster up any words to respond to the Golden Crow Soul. Even if his heart truly hated evil excessively his actions were indeed extremely despicable. This action had been completely and irrefutably an act of breaking faith while hiding a knife.


 “What is the Wall of Primal Chaos? And what does it mean to be banished outside the Primal Chaos Dimension? Could it be that the Primal Chaos Dimension actually has a border?”


 “Even though the Primal Chaos Dimension is huge, in the end, it still has a limit. Furthermore, breaking apart the Wall of Primal Chaos is something that is incomparably hard to do. Even the power of a True God would probably not suffice. It is rumored that an eternal and unending void exists outside the Primal Chaos Dimension. Once someone falls outside the Primal Chaos, they will be banished to a world of eternal emptiness and they will never be able to return again.”


 “This matter provoked the wrath of all the devils. It also caused the Evil God to go into an absolute rage when he found out about what had happened. Because of this, the Evil God and the Heaven Punishing Divine Emperor fought a vicious duel and no one knows the result of that battle. But from that battle onwards, the Evil God announced that he was no longer one of the Creation Gods and he took the name Evil God after that.”


 “Similarly, from that moment forward, the relationship between the gods and devils, who had rarely interacted or interfered with one another, turned completely hostile. They regarded each other as mortal enemies as the gods also grew to completely reject the darkness profound energy used by the devils. Moreover, from that time forth, the Evil God’s personality underwent a great change. He became solitary and antisocial, no longer bothering with the affairs that took place in the world of the gods. He paid no attention to the struggle between god and devil and in the end, very few divine beings even witnessed his coming and going.”


 “So did the piece of the divine art that belonged to the Devil Emperor fall into the hands of the Heaven Punishing Divine Emperor?” Yun Che asked.


 “No,” to Yun Che’s surprise, the Golden Crow Soul denied this. “It seems that he did not. In the end, the Heaven Punishing Divine Emperor only had one piece of the divine art. The piece held by the Devil Emperor was rumored to be lost with him forever when he and his followers were expelled outside the Primal Chaos Dimension. Another rumor was that it landed in the hands of the Evil God—the rumors that the Evil God obtained victory over the Heaven Punishing Divine Emperor were derived from here.”


 “Moreover, the mysterious “Ancestral Divine art’ which came from the Ancestral God was never able to be completed. Not even when both the gods and devils fell. Following the end of the era of gods and devils, it completely disappeared in the Primal Chaos. This was the will of heaven. Even True Gods were not worthy of catching even a glimpse of the secrets that lay within something that belonged to the Ancestral God. But in the end it helplessly became the true root of hostility that existed between both races and it was also the reason one of the Creation Gods turned into the Evil God.”


 “This noble one only knows these things about the Evil God’s past. As for his ability to control darkness profound energy... this should have been a secret that remained buried in the past forever and perhaps only the deceased Evil God himself knew about this.”


 “...” Yun Che placed a hand on his jaw. He felt as if he was floating on clouds. After all, the information he had received from the Golden Crow’s Soul today had no connection to the experiences he had gone through and the world he lived in so it sounded as if he was listening to an abstract and faraway myth.


 But at the very least, it had let him know what status the Evil God possessed back in the Era of Gods.


 But as for the answer to the question he most wanted answered, the question of why the Evil God could control darkness profound energy, he still did not have a clear answer.


 As for the other information regarding the Ancestral God, the Ancestral divine art and the Wall of Primal Chaos, all of these could truly be regarded as pure myth.


 “Since the Evil God had always completely hidden the fact that he had darkness profound energy during his era, it looks like I also need to do the same and let this darkness profound energy of mine be a secret that only I am privy to,” Yun Che said slowly.


 The most probable reason behind the Evil God hiding his darkness profound energy was that he did not want to be treated as a devil. Yun Che did not want to be treated like a devil either.


 “...” The Golden Crow Soul did not reply.


 “Golden Crow Soul, besides the matter regarding the Evil God, I have one other thing I want to ask,” Yun Che said as he raised his head. “Do you know how to get to the Realm of the Gods?”


 “Once your profound strength has stepped into the way of the divine, you will naturally be able to sense the existence of a higher plane. Once your divine power stabilizes and you possess the ability to exist for a long time within the Primal Chaos, you will be able to leave this Blue Pole Star and you will one day discover the location of the Realm of the Gods.”


 After the Golden Crow Soul finished speaking, it suddenly asked Yun Che a question, “Why do you desire to go to the Realm of the Gods? Could it be that you are pursuing an even higher level of power?”


 Yun Che shook his head before exhaling a small breath of air. “I also don’t know whether I should go or not right now.”


 “Hmph, so that is how it is.” Yun Che’s words caused understanding to immediately dawn in the mind of the Golden Crow Soul, “When your master left, she must have definitely told you something along the lines of forbidding you from ever going to the Realm of the Gods to look for her. But you, on the other hand, desperately want to see her again.”


 Yun Che gave a faint nod of his head before deciding to nod his head vigorously instead.


 “Hahahaha,” the Golden Crow Soul let out a great laugh. “If this noble one was the Phoenix Soul, I would definitely attempt to sternly dissuade you in order to prevent you from entering the Realm of the Gods. However, this noble one simply has to inform you of one thing.”


 “?” Yun Che’s head jerked up in astoundment.


 “If you ever want to see your master again, you need to be able to reach the Realm of the Gods within the next five years! If not, you can forget about seeing her in this life ever again!”

