

Chapter 1995 - The Untouchable Fairy

Chapter 1995 - The Untouchable Fairy

Partially Edited Chapter - Rubble

“Ahhhhhhhh!” Meng Jianzhou screamed long and loud. It was such a scream that blood was mixed within his spittle.

It shouldn’t have hurt this much to lose an arm, especially since he was a half-step Divine Extinction Realm profound practitioner. However, the Sword Fairy’s sword was no ordinary thing. A single flash contained a myriad sword intents, and to lose an arm to the Sword Fairy was like having his heart pierced myriad times.

The old man unleashed his profound energy, but it wasn’t to bandage Meng Jianzhou’s wound. It was to cut off his voice and to force him to his knees.

“We thank you for your… disciplinary action, Sword Fairy. Jianzhou should not have offended you with his lowly behavior.” 

When the old man was finally allowed to speak, the first words that came out of his mouth weren’t a threat, but a platitude. Even now, he dared not show a hint of anger or displeasure.

Meng Jianzhou’s pupils dilated in shock. The title “Sword Fairy” carried a lot of weight.

The blue silhouette remained obscured as she spoke, “He will not rebuild his arm for three years, and he will get out of this place immediately.”

Her demands were harsh, but the old man looked overjoyed. He hurriedly pushed Meng Jianzhou’s head down and bowed his own head in submission. “Thank you for showing mercy, Sword Fairy. We will leave immediately. Lady Caili will never see us again.”

When Meng Jianzhou heard those words, his eyes nearly bulged hard enough to fall out of his eye sockets.

Did he just say that the girl he saw earlier… was the legendary Divine Daughter of the Heaven Breaker Kingdom of God… the legendary goddess who could suppress a million realms with a single gaze… Hua Caili!?

It was already nigh impossible to meet the Sword Fairy, but Lady Caili was an even greater impossibility than that. To think that he would meet both of them in succession in this lowly realm…

Meng Jianzhou’s heart felt like it would burst. He truly did not know if he was lucky or unlucky beyond imagination.

“You will order Meng Kongchan to keep a short leash on his sons if you know better, Meng Jingzhe! He is the son of the first wife. The Dreamweaver Kingdom of God is already shameful enough, do not allow him to lose whatever face you have left!”

Her voice grew distant. As if one cue, the sea of blue faded, and the world returned to normal once more. It was so abrupt that it felt like they had fallen in and out of a dream in the blink of an eye.

Meng Jianzhou knew it wasn’t, of course. His severed arm and his pierced soul all screamed that it was real.

“Let’s go!” Meng Jingzhe supported Meng Jianzhou once more and took off at full speed.

Although the blue silhouette was already gone, he did not dare to linger for even a second longer.

It was because she was the Sword Fairy, the absolute peak of the Divine Limit Realm and the strongest profound practitioner beneath the True Gods. 

She was Hua Caiying, and Hua Caili was her one and only reverse scale.

……

Qilin Worship Alliance, outside the main hall.

The alliance master, Ximen Borong, and the Abyssal Knight, Ximen Boyun, were currently standing side by side with one another with a group of Hall Masters and Helmsmasters behind his back. They looked incredibly respectful and nervous for some reason. Their faces were sterner than they had ever been as well. It was almost as if they were facing down their sworn enemies.

Two hours… Six hours… Twenty hours…

Fatigue wasn’t a symptom that was unique only to the mortals. Even the strongest profound practitioners could get tired if they were strung up for too long.

Finally, the sect master of the Boulder Profound Sect, Zhai Kexie could hold it no longer. “Brother Boyun, do you know what Young Master Meng is—”

“Wait.” Ximen Boyun ended his question with a single word.

Ximen Boyun was well aware of Meng Jianzhou’s vices. If he was a better man, it would have been so much harder to lure him to the Qilin Abyss Realm. But despite his horrible personality and practically uncontrollable lust, he was one of the better descendants the Dreamless Divine Regent had, and the son of his first wife. One of the two that were left, in fact. Therefore, he should have enough power to make the Qilin Abyss Realm a vassal state of a Kingdom of God.

It was perfectly normal for someone like that to show up late. It would be stranger if they had arrived on time.

Another twenty four hours passed, and this time it was the sect master of the Thousand Blade Sect, Wan Wenchu who asked, “Has Young Master Meng arrived? Did he… lose his way because of the sandstorm?”

Ximen Boyun hmphed. “A Divine Son would not be stopped by a mere sandstorm.”

A few seconds later, he added, “In fact, Young Master Meng arrived two days ago. He’s probably just busy exploring and playing around the realm. He will show up when he wants to show up. To disturb him before the time comes would be grave disrespect.”

That shut everyone right up.

Young Master Meng was the son of a Divine Regent. It was their honor to be graced with his presence. No matter how annoying his behavior might be, they must bear it in silence and without complaint.

It would all be worth it if Young Master Meng did make them the vassal state of a Kingdom of God. They would be serving under a master and be forced to answer their bidding, but it would still be far better than where they were now.

Another day passed, and this time even Ximen Boyun could not hold his temper any longer.

They knew for certain that Young Master Meng had shown up, but he had left them hanging for three whole days. This behavior was too much even for a Divine Son.

Ximen Boring shot a glance at Ximen Boyun and said in a low tone, “Let’s message him, Boyun?”

This time, Ximen Boyun did not maintain his stance. He immediately brought out his sound transmission, prepared his message, and sent it to their “esteemed guest”.

Meng Jianzhou responded very quickly, and his reply was full or rage and disgust, “Fuck off!!”

Ximen Boyun’s face darkened immediately. Everyone immediately turned to Ximen Boyun in shock and puzzlement.

“What the?” Zhai Kexie, Wan Wei and Lie Qianhong were blanching.

Even the normally steady Ximen Boyun looked like he was about to explode with anger. It was like someone had force-fed him a pile of dead flies.

He was an Abyssal Knight directly serving under the Abyssal Monarch and the High Priests. Meng Jianzhou might be the son of a Divine Regent, but he should have shown him at least some modicum of respect. Instead…

“How… dare… he!” He uttered slowly. It was rare for an Abyssal Knight to lose his cool this badly, but he did.

It was because he was the one who promised the Qilin Worship Alliance and the three sects that an “esteemed guest from the Dreamweaver Kingdom of God” would show up and grant them a “once-in-a-lifetime opportunity”. It was what had truly convinced the three sects to submit to the Qilin Worship Alliance.

With this one “get lost”, Meng Jianzhou had both destroyed the Qilin Abyss Realm’s dream of becoming a vassal state and humiliated him before everyone in one go.

Xiamen Boyun had no idea what Meng Jianzhou had encountered, much less knew that the Divine Son was blaming all of his misfortunes on him. He simply thought that Meng Jianzhou was toying with and humiliating him on purpose.

Ximen Borong sucked in a deep breath before turning around to face the three sects. He could tell from their faces exactly what they were thinking about, and it wasn’t good.

“It looks like Young Master Meng had an incident on the way,” he did his best to remain calm and collected, “Since the Qilin God Realm is opening soon, I suppose we can postpone the matter of befriending a Kingdom of God for another time.”

“Yes, I suppose so,” Zhai Kexie nodded, but it was clear from his tone and his posture that he was no longer acting subservient.

“In that case, we shall return to our sect to prepare for the Qilin Abyss Conference. Goodbye.”

He turned around and left immediately without waiting for a response.

Wan Wei and the Thousand Blade Sect disciples straight up left without saying a word.

“Alliance Master Ximen, I heard that the Helian Empire is still going to participate in this year’s God Abyss Conference. They might have something up their sleeves.” The sect master of the Fiery Sand Sect, Lie Qianhong “advised”, “Don’t lose to them!”

“You worry too much, Sect Master Lie,” responded Ximen Borong with a smile that didn’t reach the eyes.

A loud bang occurred behind Ximen Borong after the three sects were completely gone. Ximen Boyun’s angry growl followed right after.

……

At the same time, tens of thousands of kilometers away from the Qilin Abyss Realm.

“I cannot believe this dogshit Ximen Boyun has the gall to message me!”

Bang!

The Sound Transmission Jade Meng Jianzhou was holding was crushed into powder. His chest was heaving, and his face was contorted in an ugly expression.

It wasn’t because he had been tortured by the Sword Fairy’s soul-rending sword intent for seventy-two hours now. In fact, his private purgatory had literally just ended a while ago when he received Ximen Boyun’s sound transmission. At that moment, he felt so hateful he could’ve killed the Abyssal Knight and scattered his ashes right there and then.

If it wasn’t for him, he would not have gone to the Qilin Abyss Realm. If not for him, he would not have been tortured and shamed!

If Meng Jingzhe hadn’t warned him never to approach the Qilin Abyss Realm again, he would’ve gone there and slaughtered those shitstains who called themselves the Qilin Worship Alliance this instant… Fuck the Abyssal Knight!

Now that Meng Jianzhou could finally speak and act normally again, he tossed the crushed Sound Transmission Jade away and ordered, “Heal my left arm now, Grandpa Zhe.”

“I will not.” Meng Jingzhe did not even hesitate to reject him. “The Sword Fairy has ordered you to remain this way for three years, and so you will!”

Meng Jianzhou uttered through gritted teeth, “I’m the son of the Dreamless Divine Regent, dammit! The Sword Fairy may be the number one profound practitioner below the True Gods, but she ultimately isn’t a True God! What do we have to fear while father is still around?”

“Naive,” Meng Jinzhe hmphed coldly. “Not even your father Himself would dare to say such a thing.”

Meng Jianzhou stared at him in stunned silence. He could not believe or understand what he had just heard.

Meng Jingzhe said, “You’re still young, so I won’t blame you for not knowing about your history. However, this is one lesson you must never forget. Now that you’ve met Lady Caili, you must make sure to stay as far away from her as possible!”

“To provoke Hua Caili is to provoke the Sword Fairy as well! And don’t you forget who her fiance is!”

The Lady Caili’s fiance… was of course the Divine Son of the Boundless Kingdom of God and the strongest Divine Child of them all… Dian Jiuzhi!

The Abyssal Monarch himself had permitted their marriage. There wasn’t a soul in the entire Abyss who hadn’t heard about it.

Meng Jianzhou’s heart clenched painfully as the realization at just how narrowly he had avoided death hit him. His anger and hatred for Ximen Boyun skyrocketed some more.

A long time later, he finally calmed down enough to ask, “I still don’t understand. You’re saying that even my father… is wary of the Sword Fairy. Is it because she’s the younger sister of the Heart Painter Divine Regent?”Unearth this data, retracing it to the very heart of Nøv€lß¡n★

Hua Fuchen, the Divine Regent of the Heaven Breaker Kingdom of God, was titled the “Heart Painter”. 

“No.” Meng Jingzhe hesitated, but ultimately chose to divulge the truth, “It is because your father lost to her horribly when he was still a Divine Son.”

“!!” Meng Jianzhou was stunned to say the least. His father was like a god… no, he was a True God, but somehow he had lost to the Sword Fairy.

“It’s not just your father. “ Meng Jingzhe looked terribly sad as he recalled the past. “No one—not a single Divine Son or Daughter present at that Pure Land Meet—was a match for her sword.”

“And if you’re thinking it’s because the Divine Sons and Daughters of that generation were particularly weak, then think again. The participants were the Dian Rahu (the Boundless Divine Regent), Shenwu Yanye (the Lightless Divine Regent), Wu Shenxing (the Heaven’s Star Divine Regent), Wu Shenyue (the Crescent Moon Divine Regent), Meng Kongchan (the Dreamless Divine Regent), and Pan Yusheng (the Pray Eternal Divine Regent [1]).”

“Wh… wh… wh… WHAT!?” Meng Jianzhou’s eyes widened like saucers, and he stammered like his tongue was tied in a knot.

Meng Jingzhe continued, “The record of their defeat was wiped away since they are all Divine Regents now. That is why you have no idea about it.”

“...” Meng Jianzhou could not say anything for a time, and Meng Jingzhe shut his eyes to recall the past once more. The past that was buried because of how stunning it was.

Boundless, Dreamweaver, Owl Butterfly… Back then, the story of their three Divine Sons trying to court Hua Qingying was easily the biggest gossip of that era.

Unfortunately, the sword Hua Qingying had chosen to cultivate was the Heartless Sword, so she had severed her ties with her mortal desires since forever ago. Naturally, she cared nothing for their courtship.

Today, the three Divine Sons had all become the Divine Regents of their respective Kingdoms of God, but they might never forget that blue silhouette that had left a permanent mark in their souls.

They called her Sword Fairy not because her mastery of the sword was unchallenged… but because she was an untouchable, fairy-like dream.

Perhaps the real reason Dian Rahu had strongly pushed for his Divine Son and the Heaven Breaker Divine Daughter to be wed… was because he was hoping to fulfill his wish indirectly.

He might have failed to win the Heaven Breaker Divine Daughter’s heart when he was the Boundless Divine Son, but at least his son would be able to fulfill his wish.

“If… if she’s that powerful, then why is Hua Fuchen leading the Heaven Breaker Kingdom of God, not her?” Meng Jianzhou asked. He just couldn’t understand this arrangement.

Meng Jingzhe explained, “Back then, the Heaven Break Kingdom of God was bestowed two stars by the heavens. Hua Fuchen was able to embody eighty percent of a divine essence, and Hua Qingying ninety.”

“Instead of choosing only one of them to become a God Bearer, the previous Heaven Breaker Divine Regent decided to make them both God Bearers. And so there existed a Heaven Breaker Divine Son and Heaven Breaker Divine Daughter in the same era.”

“Hua Fuchen was nothing like your conventional, ambitious Divine Divine Son. He acts as he pleases and obeys no customs. He hates being restricted, and the position of Divine Regent is practically the embodiment of loss of freedom. Add to the fact that his cultivation and his Way of the Sword were completely overshadowed by Hua Qingying, and just like you, everyone thought that Hua Qingying must be the next Heaven Breaker Divine Regent.”

That was until Hua Fuchen had his daughter, Hua Caili.”

“It was for her that Hua Qingying gave up her divine inheritance and her position to Hua Fuchen. That was how the Heart Painter Divine Regent and Sword Fairy came to be.”

“But why??” His explanation only confused Meng Jianzhou even more.

Meng Jingzhe glanced at him but did not explain further. “I’m not very sure about the reason either, so don’t ask me about it. You just need to know that even your father dares not underestimate the Sword Fairy.”

In fact, he doubted that Meng Kongchan could even say a full sentence without stammering before her presence.

He might be a True God, but he was a man before he was a god.

And to a man… the love he could never have was usually his biggest weakness.

“Wait, something’s not right!” Meng Jianzhou quickly noticed a discrepancy. “The Heart Painter Divine Regent is at least ten thousand years old. If Hua Caili was his daughter, then her age should be similar as well.”

“But Hua Caili… anyone can tell she’s a girl who hasn’t reached emotional maturity yet, and her title only appeared—”

“I told you to stop,” Meng Jingzhe interrupted him and warned, “All I know is that this relates to a secret that the Abyssal Monarch himself wishes to keep. Forget me, even your father probably isn’t aware of the whole truth.”

Meng Jianzhou wasn’t so stupid that he would pry into the Abyssal Monarch’s secrets. He quickly shut his mouth as Meng Jingzhe requested.

If there is one person in this world who can cultivate into a True God without a divine inheritance… it can only be Hua Qingying.”

That was what the High Priest of the Pure Land had muttered that day. It was something Meng Jingzhe and everyone else who were present for that quote had never forgotten.

It was why he had been so terrified when he realized that the girl Meng Jianzhou was trying to capture was Lady Caili.

“You may have lost an arm, but your trial must continue,” Meng Jingzhe said seriously, “Plus, your father will be furious and disappointed if you go back now, and he realizes how you lost your arm.”

“Disappointed?” The word pierced Meng Jianzhou’s soul like the Sword Fairy’s sword intent. “Like I’m afraid of that! The only emotion he has for me is disappointment!”

Meng Jingzhe advised, “Then work hard and make it to the Divine Extinction Realm. Your Father will definitely think better of you then. He will be less angry when he hears about this incident as well.”

“It’s no use.” But Meng Jianzhou let out a low chuckle. “I may be his son, but Meng Jianxi is his world. Even if I became a Half-God, the most he would favor me with… is an extra glance!”

Meng Jingzhe said indifferently, “Such is fate. You will never surpass Jianxi.”

Bang!

Meng Jianzhou punched the floor.

“Why!? Why is this happening!? It had taken so much effort to finally kill Meng Jianyuan, and just when I thought that I would finally enter his eyes, the stupidest of us brothers, Meng Jianxi somehow awakened his—Mm!”

An old, withered hand abruptly clamped over Meng Jianzhou’s mouth and silenced his furious protests. Meng Jingzhe looked around frantically and laid down an isolation barrier before screaming at Meng Jianzhou, “Are you insane!? You must never bring up that name or that incident! Not even a single word!”

“If we are exposed, then we are all going to die! Not even your status as the son of his first wife will save you, understand!?”

Meng Jianzhou broke out in a cold sweat when he finally realized what he had nearly done. He hurriedly nodded like a parrot.

Author’s Note: Remember Meng Jianyuan. He’s very important.

1. Owl Butterfly Kingdom of God ☜

