

Chapter 1742 - Heaven Wounding Thought Severing Poison (1)

 Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er stepped out of the God Realm of Absolute Beginning and returned to the Eastern Divine Region.


 This trip to and from the God Realm of Absolute Beginning had taken them several days. The first thing Qianye Ying’er did was to confirm all of the reports that had been delivered to them. After that, she gave a cold and mocking laugh. “The Eastern Divine Region really is quite incompetent. We’ve already conquered about sixty percent of the footholds that we previously selected. The invasion is proceeding at an even quicker pace than that woman Chi Wuyao and I anticipated.”


 “One side is determined to fight to the death, the other side values their own lives. One side does not have the worry about anything at home, the other side needs to protect their foundations. Isn’t such a result all too obvious?”


 “We’ve completely conquered the Eternal Heaven God Realm.” Qianye Ying’er narrowed her beautiful eyes. “It will soon be time to take the next step."


 “How about Zhou Xuzi?” Yun Che asked.


 “Him?” Qianye Ying’er gave a chilling smile. “Of course, he’s gone to the place that he ought to go.”


 “Very good.” Yun Che muttered under his breath. After that, he asked, “Are there still no movements from the Southern and Western Divine Regions?”


 “No,” Qianye Ying’er replied. “Right now, the entire God Realm should be abuzz with the news of the Moon God Realm’s destruction. A whole king realm was obliterated in a single instant. This should have served as both a wake-up call and a threat to the watching Southern and Western Divine Regions.”


 “They still haven’t made a move yet, so they must be tightening their defenses and preparing for action.”


 Qianye Ying’er turned toward Yun Che so that she could carefully observe his reaction. “There’s also a sound transmission concerning the Snow Song Realm.”


 Yun Che’s eyebrows twitched. “Tell me.”


 “The Tenth Brahma King, Qianye Zixiao, evaded our eyes and ears and infiltrated the northern territories far earlier than we expected. Not long after we blew up the Moon God Realm, he left the Snow Song Realm together with Mu Bingyun.”


 Yun Che’s body suddenly froze and an aura of violent malice wildly exploded from his body.


 “You don’t need to worry,” Qianye Ying’er immediately continued. “Chi Wuyao has already rescued Mu Bingyun, and she didn’t receive a single scratch. As for Qianye Zixiao... Chi Wuyao even managed to steal his soul.”


 As she said those words, Qianye Ying’er frowned as a look of deep suspicion flashed through her eyes.


 The moment a soul was seized by Chi Wuyao’s Devil Emperor soul, their minds would become quietly influenced by her. The person in question would be completely unaware of it and other people would not be able to sense anything either.


 The reason why Chi Wuyao had been able to successfully seize Zhou Xuzi’s soul was because Zhou Xuzi’s mind had practically collapsed due to the brutal impact of watching the massacre of his realm. His heart-shattering despair and Chi Wuyao’s devilish voice had exposed a big gap in his defenses, allowing Chi Wuyao to successfully hijack his soul.


 As for Qianye Zixiao... Qianye Ying’er knew him to be someone who looked extremely mild and genteel on the surface, but was actually extremely cold-blooded and calculating. He would not even raise an eyebrow if his entire clan was slaughtered in front of him.


 How did she successfully seize the soul of such a Brahma King while also rescuing Mu Bingyun without her getting a single scratch?


 Could it be that Chi Wuyao had always been hiding the true strength of her Devil Emperor soul power?


 Yun Che did not move from where he was standing for a very long time. Even though he heard that Mu Bingyun was completely unharmed, his face had still turned startlingly dark and somber.


 “Hmmm?” Qianye Ying’er cast a sidelong glance at him. “Just look at the incredible worry on your face. Could it be that... you not only slept with your master during your time on the Snow Song Realm, but you even slept with her sister too?”


 Qianye Ying’er wasn’t just trying to mock Yun Che with her words. When it came to women, she really did believe that Yun Che... was capable of doing even the most beastly and reprehensible things.


 “...” Yun Che still didn’t say anything, but black energy started to rise from his hands.


 To Yun Che, Mu Bingyun was not only his benefactor, she was also Mu Xuanyin’s only remaining kin in this world.


 “Heh, just as expected.” Qianye Ying’er naturally took Yun Che’s brooding silence as an admission of the truth. After that, she mocked in a cold voice, “I heard that all of the women of the Snow Song Realm had hearts of ice and souls of jade. But it turns out that they’re just a group of... Hmph.”


 “Return to the Eternal Heaven God Realm without me.” Yun Che suddenly said. Every word that came from his lips were dark and heavy, they brooked no argument.


 “Where are you going to go?” Qianye Ying’er’s brow suddenly furrowed. “The Brahma Monarch God Realm?”


 Yun Che did not answer her question. Instead, he asked his own question in a cold and hard voice, “The Southern Sea is still there, correct?”


 “Of course,” Qianye Ying’er replied. “How can that old bastard Southern Sea so easily give up on such a great temptation?”


 “Has he made his move?”


 “Not yet.” Qianye Ying’er’s jade face turned slightly cold. “Even though Nan Wansheng is an extremely arrogant man, he isn’t anyone’s fool. If the allure of eternal life wasn’t so great for a man at his level of power, he definitely wouldn’t be so willing to take the bait.”
The origin of this chapter's debut can be traced to N0v3l--B1n.

 “Still, he took the bait in the end. Even then, he won’t block a spear for anyone if he doesn’t have enough confidence. He absolutely won’t do anything that will result in a pyrrhic victory... It’s time to find something to spur him into action.”


 “...” Yun Che’s face was dark and brooding, but his lips suddenly curled up into a small grin. He repeated the order he just gave her, but he added something else as well. “Return to the Eternal Heaven God Realm first. While you’re on the way there, go and see if there are any traces of surviving Moon Gods.”


 Qianye Ying’er did not move. She folded both hands below her chest, her eyes cold and dark. “I must be the one who ends Qianye Fantian. Do not forget this! This was the very first condition that I gave you when I agreed to be your incubator!”


 “Of course I remember,” Yun Che replied. “Don’t worry, I’m only going to give the Brahma Monarch God Realm a great present in advance. It’s not time to kill anyone yet. When it’s time for Qianye Fantian to die, I’ll definitely serve him up to you on a silver platter.”


 Qianye Ying’er didn’t ask Yun Che what this “great present” was. She gave a soft snort and said, “That woman Chi Wuyao said that you are still deliberately hiding many secrets, even from us. I hope that you’re really going to provide us with a pleasant surprise this time, instead of simply rushing off to throw your life away in anger!”


 When she looked at Yun Che’s eyes, she knew that she wasn’t going to be able to stop him. Before she left, she suddenly said, “If you really do have a plan, it’d be best if you can steal the Brahma Soul Bell from Qianye Fantian. It’s extremely similar to the Yama Realm’s Yama Devil Nether Crossing Cauldron. It isn’t only the medium of the Brahma Monarch divine power, it can also forcefully strip a person of their inherited Brahma Monarch divine power.”


 “If you obtain the Brahma Soul Bell, you can conquer the entire Brahma Monarch God Realm without firing a single shot! Because you will be holding the very life of the realm in your hands!”


 Qianye Ying’er shot into the vast sea of stars, leaving Yun Che standing there by himself.


 “Qianye Fantian!” He roared in a deep voice, his eyes swiveling in the direction the Brahma Monarch God Realm. An incredibly vicious and nearly insane venom and malice leaked from those eyes. “I had originally wanted to leave you for last. But since you actually dared to touch the Snow Song Realm...”


 “YOU CAN... DIEEEE!!”


 Before his voice had even faded, he had already transformed into a streak of flowing light which was shooting towards the Brahma Monarch God Realm.


 To Yun Che, the Snow Song Realm was not merely the Eastern Divine Region’s pure land, it was also his reverse scale!


 Mu Xuanyin’s figure was deeply carved into the most painful and guilty parts of his soul. How could he let anyone harm the Snow Song Realm which she had protected her entire life, the Snow Song Realm she had abandoned at the very last moment for his sake?


 This was especially true in regards to Mu Bingyun.


 Not long after he left, he suddenly sensed two powerful Divine Master auras appear in front of him.


 Furthermore, they were two auras which were not unknown to him.


 Yun Che’s brow furrowed as he started to slow down. Two people also appeared in his vision at this time.


 Jun Wuming, Jun Xilei!


 Their gazes also fell on Yun Che at the same time.


 As the three of them all came to a stop at the same time, their gazes collided in midair. The air slowly started to grow thick and solid in this interminable silence.


 Jun Xilei was still dressed in those ancient sword white robes that he remembered. Her face was cold and stern as ever, it seemed as if nothing had changed. She nervously stared at Yun Che. When she looked into his eyes, she saw a boundless black abyss... These days, every profound practitioner in the Eastern Divine Region would recognize those terrifying eyes.


 She never thought that she would meet him here... It had only been four years, but he had gone from being a pitiful refugee to the Devil Master of the North, someone who had plunged the entire Eastern Divine Region into a nightmarish hell.


 Those short four years seemed like ten lifetimes ago.


 She slowly reached behind her and grasped the hilt of the Nameless Sword. With a shrill sound, she had exposed half an inch of her sword’s blade, but that was already enough to release a sword storm that could disrupt space itself.


 Jun Wuming stretched out a hand to gently push the Nameless Sword back into its scabbard. He gave Yun Che a faint smile and said, “My disciple and I are merely passing by.”


 When Yun Che looked at Jun Wuming, his brow furrowed.


 Jun Wuming’s face was ghastly white and his aura was so weak and thin that even a newly-minted divine profound practitioner would be able to sense how weak it was.


 He clearly did not even have three years left to live!


 When Yun Che had met him four years ago, he was already reaching the end of his lifespan, but he certainly had not been this close to passing on.


 It was clear that he forcefully exerted himself and shortened his own lifespan as a result.


 When he glanced in the direction that they were headed, Yun Che guessed that they were going to the God Realm of Absolute Beginning.


 Yun Che restrained his malice before saying, “Since you’re only passing by, then you should just stick to being someone who doesn’t meddle in the affairs of the world... unless you want to die an early death!”


 After he finished speaking, he no longer paid them any mind as he headed south.


 “You!” Jun Xilei turned around with a cold look in her eyes.


 “Let’s go.” Jun Wuming sighed.


 Jun Xilei’s eyes remained fixed on Yun Che’s distant back. She only turned away from him after an odd sense of bewilderment and despondency washed over her. She clenched her teeth lightly as she said, “If not for Master all those years ago, he would have long been...”


 “I was merely paying back my debt and clearing up all resentment between us. There’s no need to mention it.” Jun Wuming stared into the distance, his weathered eyes turning turbid and distant. “Lei’er, this trip into the God Realm of Absolute Beginning may very well be the last time that Master can accompany you.”


 “Everything from then on will be up to you.”


 ————


 After he traveled through many star regions, Yun Che finally reached the Brahma Monarch God Realm. He started to slow down as his body slowly grew transparent before completely vanishing into thin air.


 He cloaked himself in invisibility before entering the Brahma Monarch God Realm and stopped in the skies above its capital city.


 The Brahma Monarch Capital was cloaked in a deathly silence. An invisible barrier covered the entire city, blocking anything from entering it. If he tried to break it with force, he would definitely be caught.


 The Brahma Monarch God Realm! Even after it had lost the Three Brahma Gods and the Brahma Monarch Goddess, it was still the number one king realm in the Eastern Divine Region!


 He had just drowned the Eternal Heaven God Realm in a sea of blood, but he hadn’t made any preparations to use a king realm of the Northern Region to attack the Brahma Monarch God Realm. Given the Brahma Monarch God Realm’s strength and foundation, if they attacked it head on, they would definitely incur dreadful losses even if they did manage to conquer the Brahma Monarch God Realm in the end.


 He alone was enough!


 He was still invisible as he stood in the skies above the Brahma Monarch Capital. No one had managed to sense his presence. As he looked down on the capital, he said in a low voice, “He Ling, can it penetrate these barriers?”


 “Yes it can,” He Ling replied without any hesitation. “This sort of barrier is entirely incapable of blocking the ‘Heaven Wounding Thought Severing Poison’.”


 He Ling’s voice was as calm and airy as ever, but Yun Che could hear it tremble slightly. It was a tremble that He Ling simply could not suppress.


 “Good.” Yun Che’s eyebrows sank as he uttered the words that would decide the Brahma Monarch God Realm’s fate, “You may begin.”


 “Do I use... all of it?” He Ling asked in a very small voice. Yun Che did not know... which answer she wanted to hear more.


 “That’s right, all of it!” Yun Che replied, sounding like the whispers of a demon.

