

Chapter 859 - Return

  

 The crisis was temporarily dispelled. The price, however, was the lives of three Grand Elders of the Yun Family. The entire Yun Family was filled with sad cries, while the Under Heaven Family and the crowd of Illusory Demon profound practitioners were misty-eyed as well... Carrying revered statuses of Grand Elders of a Guardian Family, not only were they unable to pass away in bed due to old age, their deaths were so tragic, where even their corpses were not left behind.


 “Xuanyuan... Wen... Tian!!” Yun Qinghong shivered intensely, his face had turned even more ferocious than the enraged Xuanyuan Wentian. He shouted out Xuanyuan Wentian’s name, yet these short two words carried resentment that could envelop the entire sky.


 “Don’t be anxious,” Xuanyuan Wentian sinisterly said. “You all will soon follow them down to hell!”


 A pitch-black sword beam rose out of the Eternal Night Devil Sword and under Xuanyuan Wentian’s wild laughter, it bombarded the surface of the barrier. A ray of black light charged towards the sky and on the barrier, dozens of fine cracks were instantly blasted open.


 “Brothers... No matter what, we must hold on!! Especially our sons and daughters of Yun Family... You definitely mustn’t let the lives of our three Grand Elders go to waste!!”


 Yun Qinghong roared out hoarsely. A seemingly wild energy once again poured into his initially half-expended body as he desperately bombarded the barrier. Under their sorrows and pain, all the Illusory Demon profound practitioners unleashed their powers as well. Using their increasingly depleted bodies, they released powers that resisted the Eternal Night Devil Sword.


 Facing Xuanyuan Wentian whom even the Little Demon Empress was unable to defeat, them being able to resist this long was already an incomparably difficult feat. However, Xuanyuan Wentian, who was now wielding the Eternal Night Devil Sword, was too frightening. The deaths of the three Grand Elders of Yun Family had won them an opportunity to take a short breather. In the face of profound strength that far surpassed theirs and power at an unimaginable realm, they bitterly held on for less than one hundred breaths, yet the barrier which had endured countless tribulations, was once again facing the danger of shattering.


 As the Eternal Night Devil Sword continuously bombarded down, the number and length of the cracks increased. Its restoration speed was far behind the speed of the spreading cracks. Xuanyuan Wentian looked at the barrier which had already formed spiderweb shapes from the cracks. He did not feel the least bit of joy, merely intense rage and humiliation.


 “Detestable trash!!”


 Xuanyuan Wentian charged into the skies. An enormous devil shadow appeared in the air and a black sword light of several dozen meters in length suddenly stretched above the Endless Night Devil Sword. Then, carrying an apocalyptic aura, it pierced straight towards the barrier that was nearing its collapse.


 Cra!!


 The barrier that was covered in damage in the first place once again shattered open several thousands cracks yet it still did not collapse completely; the sword beam was firmly obstructed. Xuanyuan Wentian glared with widened eyes. With a growl, the pitch-black sword beam once again grew explosively.


 Crack!!


 The tip of the dark sword light ruthlessly pierced into the barrier. A dark tornado that felt as though it had descended from purgatory itself, instantly swirled up a large half of the formation region.


 A large sea of terrified screams reverberated within the barrier. A large amount of Illusory Demon profound practitioners were swept into the darkness and nearly a thousand profound practitioners were instantly killed. Their bodies instantly turned into pitch-black withered bones and amidst the screaming, even more profound practitioners had fainted. Their lives and deaths were uncertain.


 This unprecedentedly terrifying strength had left all the profound practitioners, who had witnessed everything that transpired, shaken, as though they had fallen into a cave of ice.


 “Hahahahaha...” Xuanyuan Wentian’s arrogant wild laughter came from the sky above. “With such trash like you, how can you possibly resist this sovereign who has already become a Devil God! All of you... Go to hell!!”


 Even though they put everything into resistance, in the end, the city barrier was still penetrated through. Perhaps, in another few more breaths, it would completely collapse. Yun Qinghong looked at the sword beam which had pierced through the barrier and did not feel the slightest bit of anxiety or fear. With a solemnly cold expression, an incomparably heavy sigh rang in his heart.


 Against such a terrifying Xuanyuan Wentian, for them to be capable of holding him off until now could already be considered a miracle.


 Now, they had truly reached the absolute limit.


 Every single breath was spent on defending with all his might. As a level five Monarch, more than seventy percent of his profound strength had already been expended, let alone the others.


 Initially, he had thought that rely on this mythical formation left by the former Demon Emperor would make it possible to block Xuanyuan Wentian out of Demon Imperial City. However, Xuanyuan Wentian’s strength was too frightening. Even after expending all of Illusory Demon Realm’s trump cards and powers, they could only resist until now.


 “Patriarch, what do we do?” Yun Waitian roared out as he heavily panted.


 “...” Yun Qinghong lightly breathed in and slowly said. “Inform the people in the rest of the formation regions, prepare to engage.”


 The way he said the three words “prepare to engage” sounded exceptionally calm and indifferent, however, every single one of them could hear the determined dying will carried within.


 Crack!!


 Yet another ear-trembling crackle. The biggest crack so far appeared on the barrier, as the pitch black sword beam fiercely pierced even deeper. The protection barrier shook... It was completely at the very verge of collapse.


 Yun Qinghong retracted his energy at this moment as well. Holding onto the Sudden Lightning Sword in his right hand, a crimson lightning glow began to encircle the sword’s blade.


 Right at this moment, a clear and bright light suddenly shone down from above the dark sky. Everyone present instinctively raised their heads to look... In the northern direction, a ray of golden light, like a meteor from space, sliced apart the tumbling dark clouds above Demon Imperial City and amidst a long, sky-piercing cry, descended with a bang.


 “That’s... the Golden Crow’s flames!!” Number One Under Heaven shouted out in pleasant surprise.


 Boom!!!


 Like a falling boulder, the golden flames smashed earth-shakingly onto Xuanyuan Wentian’s pitch-black sword beam. The pitch-black sword beam that had pierced into the protection barrier was instantly burnt to smithereens while Xuanyuan Wentian was pushed far back as well. He let out a roar and then screamed out. “Ah!! Little Demon Empress, you finally dare to show yourself!!”


 The barrier escaped its fate of collapse at the very last moment. Under the immense profound energy of the Illusory Demon profound practitioners, it began to quickly mend the countless lines of cracks.


 The dark clouds in the sky quickly scattered apart, revealing a petite figure dressed in a fluttering rainbow dress. Her eyes were like cold stars as they coldly gazed at Xuanyuan Wentian. In her hands, a cluster of golden flames was blazing intensely.


 “Little Demon Empress... It’s the Little Demon Empress!!” Looking at the figure that had suddenly appeared in the sky, earth trembling cries exploded from within Demon Imperial City. Because this person, was the Little Demon Empress who had been out of contact for three full months.


 “It’s the Little Demon Empress... the Little Demon Empress has returned!” Xiao Yun shouted excitedly.


 At the moment of impending despair, the Little Demon Empress had suddenly returned. Undoubtedly, it brought huge excitement and hope to all the people of Demon Imperial City. The solemn and tense atmosphere was sunk beneath the world encompassing cries of joy and that was the case even at the northern formation region which was directly facing Xuanyuan Wentian. However, Yun Qinghong still carried a heavy expression.


 Because with such a terrifying Xuanyuan Wentian, it was basically impossible for the Little Demon Empress to be his match either. Furthermore, the place she appeared at was outside the barrier, making it impossible for her to rely on the protection of the barrier!


 “Hahahaha.” Looking at the Little Demon Empress who had made her appearance, Xuanyuan Wentian laughed out wildly. “This sovereign had even thought that you had already fled with your tail between your legs. It seems you still have a little bit of backbone. Are you prepared to obediently hand over the Mirror of Samsara and then kill yourself or do you want this sovereign to personally turn you into pitch-black ash!?”


 “Tch, trash that would even throw away his own face and shamelessly steal the strength of someone else actually dares to act this wildly and arrogantly. It sure is laughable!”


 Amidst the scornful ridiculing laughter, the dark clouds behind the Little Demon Empress were also quickly being scattered apart by a blazing fiery light. Yun Che and Feng Xue’er walked out from it side by side, arriving next to the Little Demon Empress.


 “Big... Big Brother!!” Xiao Yun was excited to the point of leaping up straight up.


 “Che’er... Che’er!” Mu Yurou shouted out twice and she was this close to fainting from excitement.


 “Asgard Master!” The girls of Frozen Cloud Asgard were even more exhilarated than ever.


 Standing side by side with the Little Demon Empress and Feng Xue’er, Yun Che carried a light smile which they could not be more familiar with. His eyes were as deep as the abyss and from head to toe, not the least bit of injury or frailty could be seen.


 “Brother Yun, he... He seems to have completely recovered!” Number One Under Heaven shouted out.


 “But of course! I already said so... With the Golden Crow Divine God’s divine power, Big Brother will definitely make a full recovery.” As Xiao Yun spoke, his nose could not help but turn sour and tears were this close to falling from his eyes. In these silent three months, he had been passing every day in a nervous manner.


 “Yun Che?” Xuanyuan Wentian’s eyes flashed with a dark light. “You’re actually still alive!?”


 Yun Che coldly laughed. “Even someone as shameless as you is still alive, how can I possibly have the nerve to die!?”


 “Heh... You’re still alive.” Xuanyuan Wentian’s face revealed an incomparably terrifying savageness. “Then that’s truly great! I can finally return to you the humiliation I have suffered under that red-clothed demoness a million-fold!”


 Though he already knew of Xuanyuan Wentian’s mutation, looking at “Fen Juechen” in front of him, Yun Che still let out a sigh in his heart.


 “Though I don’t really like Fen Juechen,” Yun Che lightly said, “a dirty soul like yours isn’t worthy of his body! This face of yours is truly the biggest humiliation to Fen Juechen in his entire life!”


 “No, it’s the biggest honor in his entire life!” Xuanyuan Wentian twisted his face, while he slowly raised the Eternal Night Devil Sword. “Yun Che, even in your dreams, you definitely can’t even fathom just how strong this sovereign has become now! Even this sovereign can’t believe that I could actually be this powerful!”


 “Because this is the physique of a Devil God, the power of a Devil God. You mortals will never be able to understand such power in your entire lifetimes. However, out of good fortune, you get to taste the fear and death it brings!”


 “Especially you, Yun Che!! This sovereign will bestow you a death that will have you sink into endless fear even after hundreds and thousands of reincarnations!!”


 “Big Brother Yun, he... has become really terrifying.” Feng Xue’er tightly held onto Yun Che’s sleeves.


 “The degree of strength of his aura has nearly doubled since the last time we exchanged blows.” The Little Demon Empress’s eyes were filled with bone-piercing hatred yet her milky white face still showed complete calm. “But, with how he was trying to take down the protection barrier in such a forceful manner, he has expended quite a bit of energy. With the powers of us three, victory is not impossible. Xue’er, this empress needs to borrow your strength.”


 “Mn!” Feng Xue’er nodded strongly.


 “Talking anymore is unnecessary.” The Little Demon Empress raised her hand. The golden blazing image of the Golden Crow appeared from her body as she raised the Golden Crow flame energy to the absolute limits right from the very start. “Xuanyuan Wentian... Die!!”


 The Little Demon Empress pushed out her small hand and the surrounding area of fifty kilometers instantly turned scarlet-gold. Though there was an extremely strong barrier isolating them, the Illusory Demon profound practitioners below still felt an extremely searing heat wave blowing towards them, causing them to condense their energy to put up defenses in a flustered manner.


 “What should we do!? Che’er... Che’er is still outside!!” Mu Yurou tightly held onto Yun Qinghong’s arm, she was anxious to the point of being helpless.


 Their utterly bitter resistance earlier had allowed them to witness the terrifying strength comparable to the Devil God of legends that Xuanyuan Wentian possessed. Not only were Yun Che and the Little Demon Empress both outside the barrier, they were even facing Xuanyuan Wentian head on. She felt that her entire heart was suspended above a mountain of blades.


 “...” Yun Qinghong did not speak. His two fists were tightly clenched.


 “Brother Yun’s aura...” Number One Under Heaven looked skeptically at Yun Che up in the sky and expression suddenly changed as he exclaimed. “Tyrant Profound Realm... level six!?”


 “What?” Xiao Yun was thrown into shock. “You’re talking about... Big Brother?”


 “That’s right. His profound aura is indeed already at the sixth level of Tyrant Profound Realm.” Greatest Ambition Under Heaven sighed in astonishment. “It truly is an astonishing aptitude. I never expected that in just a single year, he would actually gain such a huge rise in power.”
This creation is firmly rooted in the depths of Nøv€lß¡n★

 “No.” Number One Under Heaven shook his head. “Three months ago, when Brother Yun was heavily injured, his profound strength was merely at the middle levels of the Emperor Profound Realm. This time... Not only has he recovered from his injuries, his profound strength has actually... has actually risen directly by an entire huge realm!!”


 “Could it be that the reason why he had stayed in Golden Crow Lightning Flame Valley for the past three months was because he was training under the divine guidance of the Golden Crow Divine Spirit?”


 It was impossible for Number One Under Heaven to stay unagitated. As a level eight Overlord, a level six Overlord was still below him. However, he knew without a doubt that Yun Che’s strength basically could not be estimated using the conventional profound strength levels. When his profound strength was at the middle levels of the Emperor Profound Realm, he could already defeat Fen Juechen, who was at the middle stages of the Sovereign Profound Realm!


 Now that he had made a reappearance, his profound strength had actually miraculously surged to the sixth level of Tyrant Profound Realm... Just how powerful could his actual strength be now!?


 Boom!!


 Sounds of exploding flames intensely shook space within a fifty kilometer radius. Especially right in front of Xuanyuan Wentian; space had already distorted into an irregular swirl by the searing heat of the Golden Crow flames. Though this was her first attack, she was already unleashing her power to the utmost limits without holding anything back.


 Because in front of her was Xuanyuan Wentian!


 Not only were these the Little Demon Empress’ strongest flames, they were also flames standing at the peak of this plane. Facing flames like this, Xuanyuan Wentian however, did not give the slightest sign of retreat. Instead, he quietly laughed and took the flames on with a smash of his sword.


 Amidst the dull sounding explosion, a sunken roar was mixed within, as though it was the wailing of an evil ghost. The Golden Crow flames which carried the might of the burning heavens themselves, was scattered from a single collision and they splashed onto the surroundings. A few scattered sparks of flames landed on his body, however, they were immediately extinguished by the black aura. Xuanyuan Wentian laughed out loud. “Little Demon Empress, three months ago, if I have not relied on the power of the devil sword, this sovereign was indeed not your match. However, if this sovereign wants to kill you now, it is basically an easy feat!!”


 Xuanyuan Wentian instantly crossed a distance of three kilometers and stabbed his sword towards the Little Demon Empress. The sound of a sword slicing through air should have been an ear-piercing screech or the devil sword wielded by Xuanyuan Wentian should have brought about an incomparably sullen explosive sound which would cause one’s hair to stand on end. Furthermore, at the same instant, the black aura in the surrounding space intensely poured in, suppressing the light of the Golden Crow flames in the blink of an eye.


 Screee!!


 With a long cry, the blazing image of a Golden Crow broke through the skies and flew straight towards Xuanyuan Wentian, clashing intensely with the pitch-black devil sword in an instant.


 Space ferociously tore and the cries of the Golden Crow blazing image began to distort as well. The stalemate between the flames and devil sword had merely lasted for a short moment when the Golden Crow blazing image let out a miserable cry. It furious struggled but half of its body was immediately engulfed by the black fog.


 “See this? This is this sovereign’s current power!” Xuanyuan Wentian laughed out arrogantly, streaks of dark red blood faintly filled his face, making his face look extremely ferocious and terrifying.


 “Perish!!” Xuanyuan Wentian roared out, suppressing the Golden Crow blazing image even more intensely than before, causing it to collapse at any moment. Right at this moment, a scarlet red fire came blasting over from his right.


 Xuanyuan Wentian had a look of disdain and he did not even bother batting an eye. But, when the flames approached his body, he was suddenly thrown into shock, as he hurriedly retracted the Eternal Night Devil Sword. Then, with a thunder-like explosive cry, he swept out the sword and clashed against the two divine flames.


 Boom!!


 As though boulders had fallen onto the ground, the ground surface deeply caved in. Within the sky enveloping flames, Xuanyuan Wentian was instantly pushed three thousand kilometers back. Grabbing onto the devil sword in his hand, he glared deeply at Feng Xue’er with eyes filled with skepticism and menace.


 “That red-clothed girl... Is the Feng Xue’er you people spoke of?” Yun Qinghong said dazedly.


 “That’s right! She’s Little Sister Xue’er.” Xiao Yun nodded.


 “She’s actually...” Yun Qinghong took in a deep breath. “Her aura, is actually not any weaker than the Little Demon Empress’!!”


 “...Haah!?” Xiao Yun went blank for a moment and then his jaw almost fell onto the ground from astonishment.


 “This... is simply unbelievable.” Number One Under Heaven, who was aware of Feng Xue’er’s former strength was also dumbfounded. Feng Xue’er was definitely someone who had the most terrifying aptitude he had seen in his life. At the mere age of twenty, she was already a level eight Monarch. No matter if it was in the Profound Sky Continent or Illusory Demon Realm, it was unheard of since the beginning of time.


 But a level eight Monarch and the Little Demon Empress who had power nearing a god, was still an incomparably huge difference.


 However, after merely three months of disappearance, not only had Yun Che’s strength risen explosively, Feng Xue’er’s strength had actually reached a realm comparable to the Little Demon Empress!?


 He was simply unable to imagine just what had actually transpired in the three months they were in Golden Crow Lightning Flame Valley!


 “Feng Xue’er, you sure gave this sovereign a considerably pleasant surprise,” Xuanyuan Wentian said sinisterly. “In just three months, the little phoenix has actually grown to such an extent. But unfortunately... you’re still too soft!”


 Three months ago, Xuanyuan Wentian’s strength could easily suppress Feng Xue’er.


 But the threat brought by the Phoenix flames that Feng Xue’er smashed him with earlier was actually not the least bit weaker than Little Demon Empress’s Golden Crow flames!


 And it had merely been three short months!


 Feng Xue’er’s change had greatly shaken his heart. At the same time, the intensity of his killing intent towards Feng Xue’er had grown several fold.


 Feng Xue’er quietly stood next to the Little Demon Empress with a thin layer of scarlet red flames wrapped around her body. On her delicate face with dream-like beauty, a slight degree of tenderness and doubt had faded away. What replaced them were the extraordinary aptitude and grandeur of a celestial maiden... as well as a very faint might that was sufficient to shake one’s soul.


 “The Phoenix flames are the divine flames of a divine spirit, I bear the gift of the Phoenix God and I have never used it to eliminate a single living being,” Feng Xue’er lightly said. “But for you alone, I will definitely not hold back!”


 Feng Xue’er lightly flipped her palm and dancing Phoenix flames began to fill the sky. Golden flames that could set the sky ablaze also burned within Little Demon Empress’ hand. Two masses of divine flames smashed out at the same time and collided against each other. However, they did not obliterate each other. Instead, they blended together without the slightest bit of rejection, forming an enormous fiery serpent that was several dozen meters wide. It slithered towards Xuanyuan Wentian and everywhere it went, space were blazingly torn through.


 Three months ago, the two people were mere strangers. However, in these three months, they resided in the same place and did not separate even for a moment. Subtly, the energies of these two people could already easily merge. Though the Phoenix and Golden Crow discriminated against each other, the flames of the Phoenix and Golden Crow were divine flames of the same attribute and plane!

