

Chapter 1417 - The Third Heavenly Profound Treasure

 Chapter 1417 - The Third Heavenly Profound Treasure


 Eastern Divine Region, space.


 Two figures—one gold, one silver—zoomed past the stars like meteors, leaving behind an unnaturally long trail of profound light before they dissipated naturally... No, they were moving faster than meteors, so fast that it was beyond even the comprehension of a divine way profound practitioner.


 However, they suddenly came to a stop while they were making a one-way journey toward the north.


 A purple figure appeared in front of them and conjured a simple isolation barrier. Her calm voice penetrated space itself before entering into their ears, “You two seems to be in a hurry. Where might you be headed to?”


 The entire universe itself seemed to darken on its own when the two figures had come to a complete standstill. It was because the golden figure was too bright and dazzling.


 She had a wonderfully slender body and splendid golden hair. She was wearing a full dress that accentuated her suffocatingly perfect body shape beautifully. As she stared at the person blocking her way, the soft lips behind the golden mask curled into a dangerous smile, “Xia Qingyue? Oh, sorry... I mean, Moon God Emperor. I trust you have been well since we last met?”


 Xia Qingyue’s eyes looked like a pair of deep pools, and beside her, her attendant Jin Yue was shaking uncontrollably. It was because the person standing right in front of them... golden hair, golden dress, golden mask, and a breathtaking magnificence that was unmissable even in space...


 She was Qianye Ying’er, the Brahma Monarch Goddess!


 She was the prettiest, greatest, and scariest woman in the entire Eastern Divine Region!


 There was another person standing behind her. He was a tiny old man with a crooked back and a bent head. The gray clothes he was wearing were unusually large, being able to hide his frail-looking physique completely. His face was also hidden from view.


 He was Gu Zhu!


 Xia Qingyue, Qianye Ying’er, and Gu Zhu had all appeared in the same space at the same time. For a time, every star in the nearby star realms had stopped moving, and the universe felt as silent as the dead.


 “How can I truly be well knowing that you’re still alive?” It was impossible to distinguish any emotion from Xia Qingyue’s voice.


 Qianye Ying’er narrowed her eyes a tad, “You’ve been hiding in the Moon God Realm for several years now. Have you solidified your position in the Moon God Realm, I wonder? I didn’t think you had the courage to show your face, and stand in my way no less. Pray tell, what pleasant surprises might you have in store for me?”


 Her taunts only caused Xia Qingyue’s gaze to become more invasive, “Are you in a hurry to head to the Snow Song Realm? I suppose Yun Che is the only thing that could prompt you, the Brahma Heaven Goddess, to drop everything and head to a mere middle star realm.”


 “You have heard the news.” Qianye Ying’er didn’t look surprised at all, her beautiful lips curling into a most dangerous smile, “That rumor is most likely true then! He must be one tough cockroach to survive what even Eternal Heaven thought was a fatal situation.


 “Seeing that you’re here, you aren’t thinking of stopping me, are you?”


 Xia Qingyue replied, “The Eternal Heaven General Assembly is soon to begin. It is something that relates to the survival of the entire Eastern Divine Region. Are you sure you want to cause trouble at this critical time?”


 “Eternal Heaven General Assembly? What a joke! Forget the Eastern Divine Region, not even the survival of the God Realm is as important as my business!” Qianye Ying’er slowly raised her hand towards Xia Qingyue, “Why don’t you give it a try, if you wish so much to stand in my way?”
The initial posting of this chapter occurred via N0v3l.B11n.

 The golden figure abruptly turned into a beam of light and dashed towards Xia Qingyue. But to her surprise, Xia Qingyue didn’t try to stop her. She simply turned around and allowed Qianye Ying’er to slip right by her.


 “?” Qianye Ying’er slowed herself slightly. Then, Xia Qingyue’s indifferent voice came from behind, “Primordial... Seal... of... Life... and... Death!”


 The six words caused Qianye Ying’er to came to a full stop. Even Gu Zhu, the old man who looked as still as a dried well, had looked up slightly in surprise.


 Qianye Ying’er slowly turned around with half narrowed eyes. Her gaze on Xia Qingyue could only be described as deadly, “What did you say?”


 “The Primordial Seal of Life and Death is the third greatest Heavenly Profound Treasure in the world, an eternal artifact that is capable of bestowing eternal life to anyone. If there is one treasure that anyone desires be it in the past or now, this would be it. It is because no one can resist the lure of immortality, especially to those who stand at the top of the world.”


 Xia Qingyue explained as she met Qianye Ying’er’s dangerous gaze with calm eyes, “Qianye, if I were to announce to the world that the Primordial Seal of Life and Death is in the Brahma Monarch God Realm... would you care to guess how many madmen the news would create overnight?”


 “Is that what you think?” Qianye Ying’er sneered at her, “Has anyone ever tried to steal the Eternal Heaven Pearl from the Eternal Heaven God Realm?”


 “The Eternal Heaven Pearl had chosen the Eternal Heaven God Realm as its master. No one could’ve taken it from them,” Xia Qingyue shot back coldly, “but the Primordial Seal of Life and Death, on the other hand... Not only has it not chosen the Brahma Monarch God Realm as its master, it seems like none of you even know how to use it.”


 Xia Qingyue turned to look at Gu Zhu, “This man should’ve been dead a long time ago. He must be a test subject you experimented on while exploring the Primordial Seal of Life and Death’s power of immortality, correct?”


 Gu Zhu, “...”


 “Out of all the Heavenly Profound Treasures, a masterless Primordial Seal of Life and Death is the most likely to create an entire horde of madmen, don’t you think?”


 “...” Qianye Ying’er narrowed her eyes bit by bit. She slowly smiled in the frigid space, “Heh... Hehe... You seem to know a little too much, Xia Qingyue.”


 “No, wait, it cannot be you,” Qianye Ying’er’s expression changed slightly as the answer entered her mind, “It was Yue Wuya!”


 A flash of hatred passed through Xia Qingyue’s pupils before she replied coldly, “Did you think that my foster father would really do nothing after learning that you were the true culprit behind my mother’s downfall? Just because he feigned ignorance and took no action, doesn’t mean that he wasn’t working behind your backs!”


 “The amount of information I have that is disadvantageous towards the Brahma Monarch God Realm... may be far greater than you can ever imagine!”


 “Heh.” Qianye Ying’er still sneered at Xia Qingyue, “You think you and the Moon God Realm alone are enough to threaten me?”


 “It is true that the Moon God Realm doesn’t have the power to fight the Brahma Monarch God Realm. But...” Every word Xia Qingyue said was infused with ice, “I wouldn’t mind testing your prowess if you dare head to the Snow Song Realm today!”


 “...” Qianye Ying’er raised her well-defined chin and burst suddenly into a halo of golden light.


 “Miss,” Gu Zhu suddenly interrupted hoarsely, “let us return. You are simply too precious compared to an insignificant middle star realm. I am also sure that the Moon God Emperor would forget everything that has happened today, immediately.”


 “Don’t worry, I have no intentions of perishing with the Moon God Realm before I can kill Qianye with my own hands,” Xia Qingyue said coldly.


 “...” The golden light and terrible silence lasted for a very, very long time, but Qianye Ying’er ultimately lowered her power before saying in a low tone, “Very well. It would seem that I have underestimated the Moon God Realm all this time.”


 But her lips suddenly curled tauntingly, “Yue Wuya is a lucky man. Had he learned that you wasted the trump card he spent probably all too much to obtain on your little lover like it was nothing, he might not have been able to pass away peacefully. Heh...”


 Xia Qingyue, “...”


 “Hmph, let’s leave, Uncle Gu.”


 Qianye Ying’er shot Xia Qingyue a cold stare before passing by her once more... Then, her hair suddenly fluttered as she fired a golden beam straight towards Xia Qingyue’s forehead.


 Xia Qingyue pushed Jin Yue away gently with one hand before raising a giant Purple Light Moon Barrier with the other. It instantly stopped the golden light dead in its tracks.


 Bang!


 The Purple Light Moon Barrier suddenly shattered into countless pieces, falling on top of Qianye Ying’er. At the same time, Xia Qingyue thrust the Zi Que Divine Sword straight at the back of Qianye Ying’er’s heart.


 Qianye Ying’er didn’t turn around to face her. She simply raised her arm backwards and pointed a finger.


 Qianye Ying’er’s fingertips stopped the Zi Que Divine Sword dead in its tracks. The all consuming purple light dissipated after a loud clang, and the Zi Que Divine Sword drew a strange arc in midair before returning to Xia Qingyue’s hand. A moment later, the weapon had vanished completely.


 The brief exchange hadn’t lasted even an instant. It was almost as if nothing had happened in this silent space.


 But one thing that was different from before. Gu Zhu’s clothes had been cut in dozens of places... The old man looked up slightly as a glint of surprise passed through his eyes.


 Qianye Ying’er turned around slowly. Her gaze on Xia Qingyue had changed completely, “The Nine Profound Exquisite Body is truly deserving of its reputation. The heavens favor you a little too much, Xia Qingyue.”


 This was the first time she had felt “jealousy” towards another woman.


 Normally speaking, an inheritor of the Moon God’s legacy couldn’t possibly have awakened more than twenty percent of their divine power in just three years.


 However, the power Xia Qingyue had unleashed in that instant had far exceeded Qianye Ying’er’s highest expectation.


 She didn’t know that Xia Qingyue hadn’t just inherited Yue Wuya’s Zi Que divine power after he passed away. Somehow, his divine powers had been “transplanted” into her body directly... It was a miracle that could only happen to Xia Qingyue, the owner of the Nine Profound Exquisite Body.


 “I think that the heavens favor you even more than I. There is no other way to explain how someone like you is alive to this day,” Xia Qingyue ridiculed Qianye Ying’er in return.


 “It’s unfortunate that you are a woman who lives for the sake of a man. Even if you have become a god emperor, even if your talents are among the best of the best, you will never be more than a good-for-nothing.”


 Finally, Qianye Ying’er withdrew her gaze and flew far into the distance. This time, she wasn’t heading towards Snow Song Realm.


 Gu Zhu followed closely behind his master.


 As she stared at the backs of her sworn enemies, Xia Qingyue exhaled slightly as her eyes turned dim.


 “Master,” Jin Yue went up to her and said hurriedly, “The Primordial Seal of Life and Death is the most important trump card you have to fight against Qianye! Why did you... They will figure out a way now that they’ve been made aware of it... What... What should we do then...”


 Xia Qingyue sighed quietly, “The situation was urgent, I had no other way. Qianye wouldn’t dare to do anything for a short while. I hope that he will escape to the Dragon God Realm as soon as possible.”


 “But...”


 “What’s done is done,” Xia Qingyue looked towards the north with misty eyes, “... He is always making others worry.”


 “So... Do you want to head to the Snow Song Realm right now?”


 “There is no need,” Xia Qingyue said. “It is not my place to be, and there is someone who will protect him on our behalf. Let us return.”


 She turned around and raised her arm, but suddenly she froze as if something had caught her attention. A long moment of silence later, she said, “You go back first, Jin Yue... I just recalled something that I need to do. I’ll be returning shortly.”


 “...Understood,” Jin Yue wisely didn’t prod deeper and replied obediently.

