

Chapter 1510 - A Mark

 Even though the matter of him marrying Shui Meiyin was something that had been forcefully arranged by Mu Xuanyin and he had not even been asked about the wedding date, Yun Che had unknowingly lost all resistance towards the idea. Every time he spent time with Shui Meiyin, he was always in high spirits. After all, it’s always a beautiful thing to have a girl be madly in love with you. What’s more, the girl in question was Shui Meiyin, a goddess who was admired by the entire world.


 “Ah, it’s all the same.” Shui Meiyin did not mind at all as she replied in a cheery voice, “My mother is one of Daddy’s most junior concubines, but she’s also the one that gets pampered the most! So I will also work hard just like Mother!”


 A smile appeared on Yun Che’s face... It was very clear that Shui Meiyin’s personality was mainly due to her mother.


 “However, when I think of the fact that I need to live with a lot of big sisters who also love Big Brother Yun Che, I do feel a teensy bit nervous.” Shui Meiyin’s voice had grown softer when she said those words. Any woman would feel apprehensive when confronted with such a situation. But her eyes immediately curved upwards again as she said, “But any big sister who is worthy of Big Brother Yun Che is definitely the world’s most outstanding big sister. So I need to work even harder, I need to be even more hardworking than Mother.”


 “Oh you.” Yun Che could not help but reach out and pinch her smooth and tender cheeks. He smiled as he said, “You’re always acting just like a kid.”


 “Hmph! I’m only nineteen years old. Of course, I’m still a kid!” Shui Meiyin had very resolutely converted the three thousand years she had spent in the Eternal Heaven Divine Realm into the three years that had passed in the outside world. After that, she gently rubbed her face with a hand, a blissful look appearing on her face as she said, “Big Brother Yun Che touched my face again. Ah, I’m feeling so shy.”


 The corners of Yun Che’s mouth curled up as his eyes narrowed. He had a wicked expression on his face as he said, “Just wait until after we get married, then I’ll show what it really means to feel shame!”


 “Eh?” Shui Meiyin blinked hard several times before suddenly stepping forward and leaning towards Yun Che’s ear. After that, she whispered in a soft voice, as if she was afraid that other people would overhear her, “At that time, the person who may end up feeling embarrassed might very well be Big Brother Yun Che, because I’ve learned a lot of things from Mother.”


 Yun Che, “...”


 But in the end, Shui Meiyin was still just an unworldly and inexperienced girl, so after she had finished whispering those words into Yun Che’s ear, a faint blush had already appeared on Shui Meiyin’s face. Her delicate head drooped slightly and she was exuding an incredible charm. In fact, she looked so charming that the sight of her struck Yun Che dumb for a while.


 “You... why are you wearing a Glazed Sound Stone around your neck? That’s so weird.” Shui Meiyin asked a completely unrelated question... It was probably to lighten the atmosphere that had suddenly turned ambiguous and provocative.


 “Oh this? It’s not just any ordinary Glazed Sound Stone,” Yun Che said as a faint smile appeared on his face. “It’s the most valuable treasure in the world.”


 “Treasure?”


 “Because it’s something that my daughter gave me. She found it and crafted it all by herself and she even recorded her voice in it. So no matter where I go in the future, I will always be able to hear her voice any time I want to.”


 The expression he made and that unfathomably warm look in his eyes when he said those words made it hard for Shui Meiyin to look away from him.


 “Oh, it’s like that...” Shui Meiyin unconsciously tapped a finger against her lips as she wondered whether she should also make one for Yun Che... because it seemed like he really liked it.
Ñøv€l--ß1n hosted the premiere release of this chapter.

 “Then... is Big Brother Yun Che’s daughter cute? How old is she now?” Shui Meiyin asked very sincerely.


 “Of course my daughter is cute, you’ll definitely like her very much. Hmmm, her age eh... She’s about as old as you when you first met me,” Yun Che replied as he suddenly felt rather rueful.


 “Eh?” Shui Meiyin was clearly very shocked by the fact that Yun Che’s daughter was already so old. She thought about it for a bit before she suddenly asked, “Then... has she found any boys that she likes? Just like me back then.”


 Upon hearing that question, Yun Che’s eyebrows dramatically slanted downwards as he said, “No! Definitely not! If anyone dares to look at my daughter that way, I’ll pound him to bits!!”


 As she looked at the ferocious look on Yun Che’s face, Shui Meiyin blinked and said in a very soft voice, “My daddy said the exact same thing all those years ago too.”


 Yun Che, “~！@#￥%...”


 Back then, because of the affair with Shui Meiyin, the distinguished Glazed Light Realm King had actually personally paid Yun Che a visit, cursing at him vociferously while he pointed an accusing finger at him. He had been so enraged that he seemed like a bull that had been stabbed in the buttocks. In fact, he had wanted nothing more than to hack him apart with his bare hands and he had not possessed any of the majestic presence of a higher realm king.


 At that time, Yun Che could only describe Shui Qianheng with two words—a lunatic!


 Now that he recalled that moment... Shui Qianheng’s conduct back then had simply been far too normal! Far too correct! Far too exemplary!


 He was simply a model of what a loving father should be!


 “In short, anyone who wants to court my daughter will have to beat me first...” Yun Che suddenly stopped midway through his sentence. He suddenly felt rather unconfident but he followed up by viciously saying, “He will have to beat my Jasmine first before we talk!”


 “Oh...” After unexpectedly seeing another side of Yun Che, Shui Meiyin stared at him very seriously for a good long while. After that, she smiled and said, “When Big Brother Yun Che is acting as a father, he’s also very charming. Ah, I like you even more now.”


 Yun Che unconsciously straightened his back upon hearing those words.


 At that moment, Shui Meiyin suddenly moved forward, a faint fragrance entering his nose. Yun Che simply did not have any time to react and he suddenly felt a heart-stirring warmth spread out from his neck.


 Shui Meiyin’s jade teeth had sunk into his neck and she was biting down rather forcefully, leaving behind a small row of very deep teeth marks.


 “...” Yun Che stared at her in a somewhat dumbfounded manner. He subconsciously stretched out a hand to touch his neck as he felt the teeth marks left behind on his skin and... a bit of saliva, saliva that belonged to a young girl.


 As she inspected the marvelous piece of art she had left on Yun Che’s neck, Shui Meiyin’s face turned slightly red. After that, she broke out into a delighted giggle as she said, “Heehee! I’ve successfully left a mark on Big Brother Yun Che’s body! Ah! Big Brother Yun Che, hurry up and seal it, you’re not allowed to let it disappear.”


 Yun Che said in a rather amused voice, “This can’t be something else your mother taught you, right?”


 “That’s right! Big Brother Yun Che is really clever. Ah... Hurry up, hurry up!”


 “...” Yun Che was rendered speechless by her words. After that, he pointed his finger towards his neck, using profound energy to seal the teeth marks on it. “This should be enough, right?”


 “Mnn mnn!” Shui Meiyin nodded her head happily. She raised her smiling face towards Yun Che and said in a very sincere voice, “This is the mark on Big Brother Yun Che’s body that belongs to me alone. You can’t wipe it off for the rest of your life!”


 “...Okay, okay, okay.” Yun Che could only agree at this point.


 “Right now, it’s Big Brother Yun Che’s turn.” Shui Meiyin’s smile grew even brighter as she said those words.


 “Me?”


 “That’s right!” Shui Meiyin’s fingers touched her neck, a neck that looked as tender and delicate as the first fall of snow, as she said, “Big Brother Yun Che also needs to leave a mark on my body.”


 “...No way!” Yun Che rejected her.


 “Ah? Why?”


 “I am the greatest and most outstanding savior of this world! How can I do such a childish thing!” Yun Che growled... In fact, it could not even be said to be childish, it was straight up shameful! These weird little games were things that he had done very often with Xiao Lingxi before they turned ten, but by the time they had turned eleven, they already felt that it was childish!


 Shui Meiyin was already over three thousand years old, over three thousand years old!


 “Wu!” Shui Meiyin’s expression stiffened as her lips curved into a pout. She spoke in a rather aggrieved voice, “I am going to tell my mother that her son-in-law said that she was very childish!”


 “...” Yun Che nodded his head as he said, “I feel that your mother must definitely be a very beautiful and wise senior to be able to nurture such a good daughter as yourself.”


 “That’s only natural!” Shui Meiyin tilted her delicate head as she said, “Then what are you waiting for!?”


 Yun Che let out a small sigh which was three parts helpless and three parts amused, but more than any of those things, it contained an indescribable feeling of warmth.


 He bent down and drew near to Shui Meiyin. As he approached her, his gentle breathing brushed against Shui Meiyin’s face, causing a slight blush to spread from her face to her snowy neck as her heart started to beat several times faster.


 “I’m going to really bite you?” Yun Che’s lips had very nearly touched her delicate earlobes. Her delicate white jade neck gleamed with a snowy luster as it stood several inches away from him.


 “...” Shui Meiyin tightly closed her eyes, her body going tense and stiff. But before she could even reply, Yun Che had already bitten down on her neck.


 Immediately, it felt as if a piece of warm jade had entered his mouth, causing Yun Che’s already light bite to unconsciously grow even lighter. It was just that he could not help but fall into that strange feeling and it was only several breaths later that he gently moved his teeth away from his neck.


 As he inspected the shallow teeth marks he had left on that delicate and lovely jade neck, Yun Che smiled and said, “This should be enough, right?”


 Yun Che’s words woke that dazed girl from her beautiful daydream. She hurriedly stretched out a hand and used profound energy to seal Yun Che’s teeth marks. Her fingers furtively brushed over the teeth marks before she let out a rather discontented voice, “Hmph, you bit down so lightly and you even drooled so much saliva on me. Ah, it’s so stinky!”


 “~！@#￥%...” The corner of Yun Che’s mouth contorted as his face went black. “My saliva... isn’t stinky!”


 At this moment, his eyes suddenly flickered to the side as he spied a very familiar snowy figure.


 Mu Bingyun.


 She silently stood amidst the falling snow, and it did not look like she had just arrived either.


 “Palace Master Bingyun!” Yun Che hurriedly executed a bow while a thought raged through his heart:


 She surely had not seen what happened just now, right?


 ARGHHHHHHHHH!! HOW SHAMEFUL!!


 “Meiyin greets Senior Bingyun.” Shui Meiyin also gave her a curtsy.


 “Mnn.” Mu Bingyun gave a very gentle nod of her head. Her gaze did not linger on their bodies and her figure took to the skies.


 But after that, she suddenly halted in midair as a complicated look flashed across her beautiful snowy eyes. It was as if she was struggling with something, but in the end, her gaze grew steady and she turned around and said, “Yun Che, I have something to tell you.”


 “Ah... I just so happen to need to look for Daddy and pay my respects to the Snow Song Realm King as well,” Shui Meiyin immediately said. Her charming figure took to the air as she gave Yun Che a small furtive wave and said, “Big Brother Yun Che, I’ll come play with you again later.”


 Shui Meiyin left amidst the flying snow, but she did not go to find Shui Qianheng. This was because she knew that it was very possible Shui Qianheng was currently discussing her and Yun Che’s “wedding” with the Snow Song Realm King.


 She landed in front of a fantastically beautiful ice tree, but she did not have the mood to admire the snowy landscape in front of her. Her fingers once again traced the teeth marks left against her neck and they stayed there for a very long time. After that, her lips parted. She gently stuck out her lovely tongue, then quietly placed a finger on the tip of her tongue.


 As she savored Yun Che’s taste, a soft smile appeared on her face... resembling a sprite who had sunk into a wonderful dreamland.

