

Chapter 1451 - Arrival of the Devil Emperor (2)

  

 The first half of the Eternal Heaven God Emperor’s statement could barely count as something to hope for, but the latter half... just sounded like a complete joke to everyone.


 Sealing... the crimson crack?


 The Eternal Heaven God Emperor wasn’t surprised by their reactions, however. He explained himself, “It has been many years since the crack appeared on the Wall of Primal Chaos. Every year, the crimson crack continued to grow bigger and brighter, which means that the World Piercer has been expending its dimensional divine energy all this time.”


 “Moreover... piercing the Wall of Primal Chaos isn’t the only thing it’s doing. The World Piercer still needs to maintain an independent space outside of the Primal Chaos to keep the devil emperor and her clan alive. Lastly, the World Piercer’s full power is needed to consume the Wall of Primal Chaos. This crimson light we are seeing is proof that its dimensional divine energy was unleashed to its maximum.”


 “Although it is impossible to tell how fast it could recover its energy outside of the Primal Chaos, even the World Piercer has to be nearing the end of its reserves since it has been going all out for several years straight.”


 Everyone’s eyes lit up at the same time as the Brahma Heaven God Emperor spoke, “Are you saying...”


 “That’s correct.” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor nodded slightly. “The best result we can hope for is for the World Piercer to run out of energy before the wall is completely pierced. The wall will automatically recover on its own, and the calamity will be averted just like that. At the very least, it wouldn’t be reappearing any time soon.”


 “However, the chances of this happening is... extremely small.”


 “That is why I say that we must ‘seal off the crimson crack’. It is something we can do to enlarge this miniscule possibility as much as possible.” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor’s voice went up several decibels. “We may be facing the World Piercer itself, but the combined strength of the strongest powers in the Eastern Divine Region, and now the god emperors of the Western Divine Region and Southern Divine Region is still a sizable power. We should be able to interfere with it somewhat and delay its success somewhat.”


 “If the World Piercer truly is nearing the end of its energy, then this tiny bit of interruption may just be the last straw that crushes the camel.”


 “This is also the only effort and struggle we can put up against this terrible calamity.”


 The cause... the truth... the calamity... the hope... and the struggle...


 The Eternal Heaven God Emperor had explained everything.


 Right now, everyone on the Conferred God Stage felt like they had been stuffed inside a big pot. The air felt incredibly oppressive.


 They finally understood why the Eternal Heaven Realm had forcibly gathered the power of the Eastern Divine Region to build a grand dimensional formation that could traverse a small half of the Primal Chaos.


 “We understand.” Luo Shangcheng of the Holy Eaves Realm said, “So, when do we start ‘sealing’ the crimson crack?”


 “We do it today, right now,” said the Eternal Heaven God Emperor.


 “Right now?” Everyone was stunned by his declaration.


 “That’s right.” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor looked around him before sighing, “I know that this is very sudden, but I simply cannot warn everyone here beforehand and risk the news leaking no matter what. That is why I chose today for the meet immediately after the grand dimensional formation is complete.”


 “Moreover...” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor turned his head and looked to the east. “The Eternal Heaven Spirit has informed me that the World Piercer’s aura is terrifyingly clear already. This means that the Wall of Primal Chaos could crumble any second, and that we can no longer afford any delay or hesitation.”


 “In that case, any discussion beyond this point is unnecessary!” The Dragon Monarch rose to his feet and declared, “We will head to the Wall of Primal Chaos and seal off the crimson crack right now!”


 The Dragon Monarch’s words were like the sound of a gong reverberating inside everyone’s hearts. It had jolted them awake and caused them to spring to their feet.


 It was all too easy to imagine the potential consequences if an ancient devil emperor were to bear down on the world.


 There had been many guesses about the truth of the crimson crack even before the Eternal Heaven God Assembly had happened, but no one could’ve imagined that the truth was a billion times worse than their worst nightmares.


 It was a world ending calamity that no one could resist if it was allowed to happen!


 In the ancient times, the Evil Infant had only destroyed the god race and the devil race without harming the mortals. But this time, they were facing a devil emperor, hundreds of devil gods and several million years worth of hatred... the entire Primal Chaos would turn into the scariest purgatory of all time!


 The effect of sealing the crimson crack with all the Divine Masters they had... might be negligible at best, but as the Eternal Heaven God Emperor had mentioned earlier, it was also the only struggle they could make! It was the struggle they must make to survive!


 They couldn’t even hesitate a second longer!


 “Alright...” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor nodded, and the aura surrounding the Conferred God Stage and the entire Eternal Heaven God Realm suddenly changed drastically.


 Not wanting to waste a single breath, the Eternal Heaven God Emperor turned serious and growled, “Tai Yu, activate the formation!”


 The Conferred God Stage was filled with light the second he finished his order. A mighty dimensional divine aura so powerful that it threatened to outstrip the perception of a god emperor spread out from the Conferred God Stage as a gigantic, white-colored grand dimensional formation about five kilometers long entered everyone’s view.


 The Conferred God Stage was one end of the profound formation. The other end was the easternmost area of the Primal Chaos.


 It was biggest and most powerful profound dimensional formation in the history of the God Realm.


 To build this profound formation, the Eternal Heaven God Emperor and his fifteen Guardians had to gather all the manpower and resources of the Eastern Divine Region’s upper star realms and king realms. The Eternal Heaven God Realm itself was nearly emptied.


 “Please enter the formation directly, everyone.” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor raised a hand before standing at the center of the formation himself.


 The divine masters on the Conferred God Stage instantly flashed into the center of the formation in succession. No one showed any hesitation... no one could afford to hesitate either.


 “Let’s go!” Mu Xuanyin grabbed Yun Che and flashed into the formation herself.


 In an instant, Yun Che was wrapped inside a spatial aura bigger than the sea itself.


 Shui Qianheng blurted when he saw Yun Che, “Why are you here!? The crimson crack’s aura is nothing like you’ve ever seen, and there may even be energies from outside the Primal Chaos leaking through it! You cannot possibly endure them at your current level. You should leave!”


 “It’s fine.” Mu Xuanyin replied coldly before Yun Che could offer an answer, “I will protect him myself.”


 “I’ll protect Big Brother Yun too,” added Shui Meiyin hastily.


 “Uh...” Shui Qianheng had no choice but to stay silent after that.


 There were two reasons why only Divine Masters were allowed to attend the Eternal Heaven General Assembly: One, only Divine Masters had a chance of affecting the crimson crack. Two... only Divine Masters had the power to defend themselves against the spatial storms around the crimson crack.


 There were other people who were surprised by Yun Che’s participation as well, but they were also busy being shocked by the “world ending calamity” and the “Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor”. They simply didn’t have the capacity to care about other things right now.


 When everyone had entered the grand dimensional formation, profound light filled the sky and carried away the strongest force gathered by the Eastern Divine Region and the five god emperors of the Western and Southern Divine Regions


 No one said a thing as they were being transported through space.
Ñøv€lRapture marked the initial hosting of this chapter on Ñôv€lß¡n.

 It was an understandable reaction. Anyone would panic if a world ending calamity suddenly fell on their heads without any warning.


 Some time later, the Eternal Heaven God Emperor stopped resting and opened his eyes. “We’re here.”


 The world in front of everyone abruptly changed into infinite crimson, followed by a terrifying storm that seemed capable of destroying everything.


 Mu Xuanyin’s hand didn’t leave Yun Che even once throughout the travel. A wave of energy instantly surrounded Yun Che and kept him safe and sound.


 They were at the easternmost area of the Primal Chaos.


 Yun Che wasn’t the only one who was surprised by the spatial storm. The abrupt storm that came out of nowhere had caused more than half of the divine masters to lose their balance, and it took them a long time before they finally managed to steady themselves.


 Normally speaking, even the weakest profound practitioner of the divine way, a Divine Origin Realm profound practitioner could survive and travel across space without any difficulties, especially because a spatial storm rarely occurred naturally. As for man-made spatial storms, they only existed temporarily when two or more Divine Masters clashed against one another.


 But here in the easternmost area of the Primal Chaos, spatial storms were everywhere to be seen. Destruction filled every space and every moment of this place... Not even a Divine Sovereign could endure this environment for long.


 “Ah... I can’t believe that a scary place like this exists in our world,” exclaimed Shui Meiyin in astonishment while holding up a Glazed Light barrier.


 “It didn’t used to be like this,” Shui Qianheng said. “The edges of the Primal Chaos were supposed to be one of the calmest places in the world. These spatial storms must be related to the crimson crack—they may very likely be caused by the aura leaking in from outside!”


 The aura outside of the Primal Chaos was full of destruction. Naturally, the aura that leaked into the Primal Chaos was also wholly destructive.


 The crack on the Wall of Primal Chaos wasn’t fully formed yet, so the amount of aura leaking into the Primal Chaos was minimal at best, yet the scale of this spatial storm was this large... the terror that was the world beyond the Primal Chaos was literally unimaginable.


 However, even more frightening than the spatial storm was the crimson crack on the wall!


 The Wall of Primal Chaos was an existence of indescribable color, shape, and form. However, it was also clearly perceivable. Right now, a crimson crack of hundreds or even thousands of kilometers was clearly imprinted on its surface.


 The crimson light shone at and through the Divine Masters without being impeded in the slightest. In fact, everyone was aware that this red light had penetrated almost half of the Primal Chaos and was visible throughout the Eastern Divine Region.


 This light was the unique dimensional divine light of the World Piercer. It couldn’t be explained by any common sense.


 The Eternal Heaven God Emperor stared at the crimson crack on the Wall of Primal Chaos with grim determination, his hair dancing in the storm.


 The rest of the Divine Masters stepped forward to meet the crimson crack as well. The calamity was right in front of them, and their full concentration was necessary to avert it. Whatever grudges or conflicts they had had in the past, they must all be put down in this moment.


 Mu Xuanyin was the only one who remained where she was while holding Yun Che.


 It was at this moment that a pair of unscrupulous eyes settled on Mu Xuanyin for a very long time, causing a frown to appear onto the latter’s face.


 The master of the gaze laughed before she could say anything, “Hehe, the Eastern Divine Region is truly a land of treasures. I wasn’t expecting to meet such a beautiful lady besides Ying’er and the Moon God Emperor. I’m afraid even the number one beauty of our Southern Divine Region would have to hang her head in shame in front of you.”


 When Yun Che looked towards the source of the voice, his heart abruptly skipped a bit.


 It was the Southern Sea God Emperor... Nan Wansheng!


 The Southern Sea God Emperor continued to stare at Mu Xuanyin with half-narrowed eyes and blazing passion, but thankfully the situation and the circumstances were severe enough to keep him from forgetting himself. A wicked smile flitted across his face before he finally withdrew his gaze and looked at Yun Che. “Oh? You are the toy who caught Ying’er’s fancy several years ago, aren’t you? This is such a dangerous place; aren’t you afraid that you’ll suddenly lose your life?”


 Yun Che half-smiled at him before replying, “I think you know better than I do who’s the real toy here, Southern Sea God Emperor.”


 The number one god emperor of the Southern Divine Region had actually deigned to talk to him... it would appear that Qianye Ying’er truly was irreplaceable in his heart.


 “Oh?” The Southern Sea God Emperor narrowed his eyes before smiling at Yun Che. “Interesting, interesting. Hehehehe.”


 Then, he turned away and appeared at the forefront of the group in a flash of silver.


 “Control yourself!” Mu Xuanyin scolded Yun Che, “He’s a million times scarier than you can possibly imagine.”


 “Got it,” answered Yun Che carelessly. He looked a little distracted for some reason.


 The Eternal Heaven God Emperor stared at the crimson crack silently for a very long time. Finally, he turned around and said, “Let us begin immediately.”


 The Dragon Monarch nodded before saying solemnly, “If I knew this would happen, I would’ve brought all my Dragon Gods with me. Still, we can give it a try today. If it’s in any way effective at all, I will send word to the Western Divine Region and summon all our experts immediately.”


 “That is my plan as well,” added Nan Wansheng with a smile.


 “Mn.” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor nodded slowly before taking a few steps forward towards the group. After sweeping a glance across everyone’s faces, he stretched his arms wide and activated a profound formation with a strange aura right behind himself. He said slowly, “Please inject your energy into this formation, everyone... This matter relates to the life and death of the entire world. Don’t hold back no matter who you are.”


 “As for the results... we leave it to the heavens to decide our fate.”


 Even now, the Eternal Heaven God Emperor’s words were filled with despair because what they were going to attempt didn’t count as a countermeasure at all. It was only a desperation attempt they could make because they had no other tricks in the bag.


 The profound formation appeared in full form right after he finished his sentence. The Divine Masters stared at it with determination as they summoned their profound energy.


 The world suddenly turned dim without warning.


 The spatial storm had come to a sudden stop as well.


 The abrupt change caught everyone by surprise. Before anyone could summon a proper reaction, the crimson crack on the Wall of Primal Chaos suddenly started shrinking and dimming at an unbelievable pace.


 “What... what’s going on?”


 A thousand kilometers... a hundred kilometers... ten kilometers... a hundred meters... The crimson crack kept shrinking until it was only several meters long. Throughout the process, astonishment never left anyone’s faces.


 “Could it be... could it be...” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor muttered to himself before he shouted in disbelief and joy, “Did the World Piercer run out of energy!?”

