

Chapter 1758 - Primordial Seal of Life and Death (1)

 The Eternal Heaven God Realm’s projection profound formations were activated yet again.


 This time, the trembling profound practitioners of the Eastern Divine Region saw something which caused their jaws to drop to the floor when they raised their heads to look at the scene before them.


 The Brahma Monarch God Realm’s Brahma Kings and Brahma Monarch Elders were kneeling on the ground in the most servile and obeisant manner to Qianye Ying’er and Yun Che.


 Heart-shaking vows of servitude and submission emerged from their lips.


 There was a person quietly lying in a pool of cold and lonely blood not too far away from them. His entire body was drenched in blood and his face was unrecognizable. However, the golden clothes that this man wore were the world-renowned symbol of the Brahma Heaven God Emperor, something unique to him alone.


 Shock, fright, disbelief... flooded their hearts as the last bits of hope they were holding onto, the last bit of fighting spirit, completely and utterly collapsed.


 Of the four king realms in the Eastern Region, the Eternal Heaven God Realm and the Moon God Realm had been destroyed, the Star God Realm had bent the knee, and even the Brahma Monarch God Realm, the strongest of the four king realms and the last beacon of hope for the entire region, had ended up losing their god emperor and groveling at the feet of these devil people.


 The projections soon disappeared, plunging the Eastern Divine Region into a long period of deathly silence. One profound practitioner after the other sank to their knees limply, their beliefs and convictions completely destroyed.


 Only ten short days had passed since the Northern Divine Region had launched their invasion.


 The devils of the Northern Divine Region were obliterating their preconceived notions of their strength every single day. Once even the king realms had suffered such fates and made such choices, their continued resistance could only be seen as incomparably weak and laughable.


 Very soon, many profound arks started to make their way toward the Eternal Heaven God Realm from the bigger star realms.


 Previously, all of the great higher star realm kings had been observing the situation and none of them dared to make the first move... Now, all of them hated that they could not grow eight more limbs... According to the common sense of this universe, the ones who bent the knee first were always the ones who received the most benefits.


 -----------------


 Qianye Fantian had died, so besides the Brahma Kings and Brahma Monarch Elders, the only ones who had survived the calamity which had struck the Brahma Monarch Capital had been the Brahma Monarch Divine Envoys, all of whom were at least mid-stage Divine Sovereigns, and less than half of them had survived.


 Even so, just the Ninth Brahma King alone, someone whose cultivation had reached the ninth level of the Divine Master Realm, and the thirty-six Divine Masters that made up the ranks of the Brahma Monarch Elders constituted a huge amount of power.


 In their current depleted state, the Brahma Monarch God Realm was still far stronger than the Northern Divine Region’s Burning Moon Realm.


 Now, they even had Gu Zhu and the two Brahma Monarch Ancestors who had been forced out of their seclusion.


 If they could gain control of all of these people, it would undoubtedly give them another absurdly strong fighting force.


 The golden glow of the Brahma Soul Bell disappeared as it vanished within Qianye Ying’er’s hand. Even though her power had changed, she would never be able to change the Brahma Monarch blood which ran through her veins.


 The Brahma Monarch blood also allowed her to gain complete control over the Brahma Soul Bell, and the person who controlled the Brahma Soul Bell also controlled the Brahma Monarch God Realm.


 Qianye Ying’er looked completely calm on the surface, but her heart was thumping violently in her chest as her chaotic and restless emotions continued to surface in her trembling eyes. For the past few years, she firmly believed that she would do her best to kill Qianye Fantian the moment she saw him, that she would feel no hesitation or mercy toward him... At the same time, she would destroy everything that he treasured before his very eyes.


 Today, Qianye Fantian had finally died in front of her... and she had known exactly what he was trying to accomplish with his actions and words before he died. Yet, she had ended up choosing to go along with his plans in the end.


 Even though her personality had undergone a huge change during those few years she had spent in the Northern Divine Region, Qianye Fantian was still the person who understood her the best.


 As her gaze coolly swept past the kneeling Brahma Kings and Brahma Monarch Elders, she gave her very first order. “Return to the Brahma Monarch God Realm!”


 “Yes.” The Third Brahma King took the lead as they all stood up and bowed towards Qianye Ying’er. However, not a single one of them dared to move.


 The Brahma Monarch God Realm had become both Yun Che’s and Qianye Ying’ers and there seemed to be no real difference between the two. However, the people of the Brahma Monarch God Realm would be able to swallow being ruled by the latter far easier than being ruled by the former.


 Furthermore, Qianye Ying’er clearly had no intention to pass the Brahma Soul Bell to Yun Che.


 Qianye Ying’er flew into the air and boarded the Brahma Heaven Warship. Yun Che arrived at her side without saying a single word. Neither of them spoke as Qianye Ying’er rather dazedly stared towards the south. She did not move for a very long time.


 It was only then that the Brahma Kings and Brahma Monarch Elders started to board the Brahma Heaven Warship... If Qianye Ying’er did not issue a command, they would not dare to make any unnecessary movements.


 After all, this was the best case scenario, something that Qianye Fantian had sacrificed everything for, including his own life.


 The Brahma Heaven Warship started to hum, but just as it was about to shoot off into the air, Qianye Ying’er suddenly said, “Bring his body aboard as well, let’s not dirty more people’s eyes!”


 All of the Brahma Kings shuddered before they tearfully replied, “Yes.”


 The Third and Fourth Brahma Kings personally went down to retrieve Qianye Fantian’s body. They arrived at his side... and just as they lifted the body up into the air, Qianye Ying’er’s eyes subtly darted toward him as she took one last look at Qianye Fantian.


 However, it lasted for only an incredibly short instant.


 The Brahma Heaven Warship took to the skies and sped off toward the Brahma Monarch God Realm at an extreme speed.


 “How does revenge feel?”


 Yun Che stood by Qianye Ying’er’s side. “Did it feel as good as you dreamed it would?”


 “Did it feel good?” Qianye Ying’er chuckled coldly. “Are you really shameless enough to bring that up right now?”


 It seemed as if she was very angry that Yun Che had prevented her from personally killing Qianye Fantian. However, she turned away slightly even as she uttered those cold words. Her eyes weren’t filled with coldness and hatred at this moment; a look of deeply-hidden complexity flashed through them.


 Yun Che stared into the distance before suddenly saying, “When the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor returned to the universe, he was the first to bend his knee and swear an oath of fervent loyalty. However, the moment the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor and Jasmine left my side, he was the first person who moved to kill me. When you could be exchanged for the greater good of the Brahma Monarch God Realm, he didn’t hesitate to throw you away, even though you were the apple of his eye, the daughter who had not hesitated to sacrifice her own life to save him.”


 “In the end, he did not choose to expend his last breath launching a bitter and desperate reprisal against us, so that he could die with his honor and dignity intact. Instead, he chose a most shameful and humiliating manner, all so he could preserve the Brahma Monarch God Realm and secretly pass the foundation he had protected all of his life to someone else.”


 “It really is quite a pity for the world to lose someone like him.”


 Qianye Ying’er cast him a sidelong glance. “Are you actually taking pity on one of your mortal enemies?”


 “Pity?” Yun Che gave a cold and indifferent laugh. “That word ceased to exist in my mind a long time ago. However, I am very curious to know what exactly Qianye Fantian said to you at the very end which made you suddenly change your mind.”


 Qianye Ying’er turned away in a rather conspicuous manner as she replied in a bland voice, “If someone wants to give me a bunch of loyal dogs which will be at my every beck and call, why would I have any reason to reject them!?”


 “Complete control? Does that include those two old ancestors?” Yun Che asked.


 “You’ll naturally understand when the time comes.” A strange light glowed in Qianye Ying’er’s eyes.


 Poisoned air slowly spread through the Brahma Monarch Capital.


 A few Brahma Monarch Divine Envoys were still desperately struggling against the Sky Poison. As for the areas outside the Brahma Monarch Capital which had been struck by the Heaven Wounding Thought Severing Poison, not a single being had survived. In fact, not even their corpses remained.


 Amidst the crumbling towers and ruined buildings, Qianye Wugu, Qianye Bingzhu, and Gu Zhu opened their eyes at the same time to stare at the Brahma Heaven Warship that was slowly descending toward them.


 They could sense the auras of the nine Brahma Kings and all the Brahma Monarch Elders who had left with Qianye Fantian aboard the Brahma Heaven Warship, even though they were exceptionally weak. However, they could not sense Qianye Fantian’s aura.


 Both Qianye Wugu and Qianye Bingzhu gave a long and sad sigh, but they did not look shaken by their realization.


 Qianye Ying’er and Yun Che flew down from the Brahma Heaven Warship and landed in front of the three of them.


 Gu Zhu slowly stood to his feet. His pale face was twisting and grimacing due to the pain of the Sky Poison, but he still smiled gently at Qianye Ying’er as he repeated the words he used to say to her all the time. “Miss, you’ve returned.”


 The frigid coldness in Qianye Ying’er’s eyes instantly evaporated the moment she looked at Gu Zhu. She gave a gentle nod of her head as she said, “Yun Che, cure Uncle Gu of your poison.”


 Yun Che did not waste any time speaking. He simply waved a hand and the cleansing light quickly purged the Heaven Wounding Thought Severing Poison from Gu Zhu’s body.


 If not for Gu Zhu, Qianye Ying’er would not have been able to escape from the Brahma Heaven God Realm and be given the opportunity to flee into the Northern Divine Region. Yun Che was also aware of this.


 Gu Zhu weakly sank to his knees. He started to plead with them before he even bothered to regulate his breathing. “Could Miss and the Devil Master please show mercy and cure the ancestors of this poison? They will definitely become a huge strength for Miss and the Devil Master.”


 “Strength?” Yun Che gave a chilling laugh. “I am the person who kicked your Brahma Monarch God Realm into hell with just a single action. Those two old men definitely hate me to the bone, so why should I save them!?”


 Qianye Wugu and Qianye Bingzhu both stared deeply at Yun Che. They had only seen his visage through a projection before, this was the first time they had truly seen Yun Che... The young man who had dramatically transformed both the fate of the Eastern Divine Region and the Brahma Monarch God Realm in a stunningly short period of time.


 There was no resentment or killing intent in their eyes. Instead, these two old men simply looked as if they had long grown weary of the comings and goings of this mortal world.


 “If the Sky Poison isn’t cleansed, the Brahma Monarch Realm will certainly perish. This current situation can already be considered a gift from the heavens.” Qianye Wugu started to speak. “The two of us do not have many lingering desires, and we lost all of our hatred and ambition a long time ago. Now that Ying’er has become emperor, we will use all of our remaining life to assist her. The Devil Master need not worry about us.”


 Thanks to the sound transmissions of the Brahma Kings, they were fully aware of what had happened to the Eternal Heaven God Realm.


 “...Hmm?” Yun Che’s brow crinkled.


 Qianye Ying’er did not respond to any of their words. Instead, she walked straight ahead and said, “Let me show you something.”


 A huge golden profound formation appeared amidst the ruined towers. Every single ray of that dazzling golden light was filled with a soul-penetrating cold. It was clear that this profound formation would unleash an incredible destructive force on anyone who even dared to approach it, much less touch it.


 Qianye Ying’er took out the Brahma Soul Bell and gave it a gentle shake.


 The golden profound formation immediately started to split apart as a pocket of space was slowly revealed below it. Another golden light shone from within the pocket of space, but it was entirely different from the light radiating from the golden profound formation. Not only did it lack offensive power, it was even as gentle as the rays of a setting sun.


 “Let’s go!” Qianye Ying’er grabbed Yun Che’s arm with a hand as she descended inside.


 They stepped into a relatively small pocket of space.


 They landed on a slowly-rotating profound formation which was emitting a gentle golden light. This profound formation was only around twenty meters long but it very nearly filled up this tiny underground space.


 Yun Che did not bother inspecting the profound formation closely. Instead, his eyes were fixed on the jade stone which was shining with a mild white light.


 It looked like a lustrous white jade disc about as wide as someone’s palm. Bizarre divine runes were irregularly etched along its border and a piece of lustrous crystalline jade floated above it. It looked like a drop of water quietly floating in the air, a crystalline teardrop that had fallen from a beautiful woman’s eye.


 There was no energy causing it to float and he could not sense the existence of any energy field either, yet this “drop of water” continued to quietly and bizarrely hover in the air.
N0v3lTr0ve served as the original host for this chapter's release on N0v3l--B1n.

 “Master, that’s...”


 He Ling’s excited voice rang out in Yun Che’s mind.


 Both the Sky Poison Pearl and the Eternal Heaven Pearl started to react in an incredibly mystifying manner at this moment.


 “That is the Primordial Seal of Life and Death!” Qianye Ying’er pronounced the name that could violently shake the heart of any living being in an incredibly calm and casual voice.


 Yun Che did not say anything. Instead, he slowly stepped into the center of the profound formation. It was such a tiny space that he only needed a few steps to reach his destination.


 The Primordial Seal of Life and Death, the Heavenly Profound Treasure which was ranked third amongst them. It was also the Heavenly Profound Treasure that had driven the most people insane with desire... and it had been that way even during the Primordial Era.


 Because the one who obtained the Primordial Seal of Life and Death would also obtain eternal life.


 Even the current Yun Che could not remain completely calm when he was so near to the vessel of eternal life.


 He stood in front of that lustrous white jade seal as he seemed to unconsciously reach out to touch it.


 Qianye Ying’er did not stop him.


 When he touched the jade seal, it felt like he was touching warmed jade... Besides that, he did not feel anything peculiar or special from it. At the very least, he did not feel any energy attempting to interfere with his lifespan.


 “It seems to be a dead seal,” Yun Che said calmly. “But since it’s a dead seal, then how did you use it to help your ancestors...”


 “Ni Xuan... Is that you...”


 Yun Che’s voice trailed off before he stopped speaking.

