

Chapter 879 - Dire News Concerning Linger

  

 The young profound practitioner dressed in luxurious clothes who stood at the forefront of all of the other profound practitioners spoke to the stern-faced middle-aged man in front of him, “Father, who exactly is that Su Ling’er? I heard that she is some girl from a sect in the Rivereast Region in her teens. So just why is Seven Stars Divine Palace trying to hunt her down?”


 Yun Che, who was just about to go forward and ask a question, immediately came to a halt.


 Yun Che observed this middle-aged man’s attitude and the thick and dense profound energy aura radiating from his body before concluding that this person should either be the leader of this group of people or their sect master. He faintly shook his head, “I doesn’t know either. It would also be wise if you refrained from inquiring about the affairs of Seven Stars Divine Palace.”


 The young profound practitioner’s neck contracted as he spoke in a low whisper, his voice unconsciously dropping a few octaves, “No matter who she is, since she has been targeted by the people from Seven Stars Divine Palace, then all her fleeing will be in vain.”


 “Ah.” The middle-aged man gave a heavy sigh before speaking in an extremely soft voice, “Seven Stars Divine Palace will be Seven Stars Divine Palace. Even though only twenty of them have arrived, the various mayors and sect masters would have no choice but to bow their heads and obey if they issue so much as a single order. Right now, all the sects belonging to the northern region of this mountain have been gathered here, so even if that Su Ling’er had the ability to traverse the heavens, she can forget about escaping us today. Furthermore, she is only a little girl.


 Yun Che’s teeth fiercely ground together... It was just as he had expected, these people belonged to one of the sects in the Country of Supwake who had been forced to search for Su Ling’er by Seven Stars Divine Palace.


 Yun Che’s heart palpitated and he felt the urge to rush forward and grab that person so that he could perform a Profound Handle Soul Search on him. At that moment, the middle-aged man suddenly snatched up his Sound Transmission Jade as profound energy ripples rapidly vibrated on its surface.


 The middle-aged man swiftly read the Sound Transmission Jade and after that, his face had clearly grown relieved. He turned around and spoke to his men, “Everyone, we can relax and stand down now. Let’s make preparations to leave.”


 The young profound practitioner promptly asked, “Father? What’s the situation? Could it be that this Su Ling’er person has already been captured by Seven Stars Divine Palace?”


 Yun Che, “...!”


 “I don’t know.” The middle-aged man said calmly, “According to the traces she left behind, it has already been confirmed that she fled towards Cloud’s End Peak. At first, she could still use the interference that came from the auras of profound beasts and the complicated terrain of this place to hide but once she climbs up Cloud’s End Peak, there will be no way out for her. After Seven Stars Divine Palace confirmed that Su Ling’er had fled towards Cloud’s End Peak a while ago, twelve of their seniors personally started to ascend Cloud’s End Peak as well. So we can assume that this matter has already reached its conclusion.”


 “The reason for why Seven Stars Divine Palace wants to capture this girl and what they will do after they capture her are things that are impossible for us to know... Let’s all prepare to leave. Don’t ask too much about anything else. If you don’t want to die too young, then the less you know the better.”


 BANG!!!


 An energy explosion that sounded like a clap of sudden thunder rang out as Yun Che exploded into the depths of the Mythical Abode Mountain Range like galloping lightning. The hurricane that was stirred up in an instant sent all of the profound practitioners who were preparing to leave flying. They instantly flew into a great panic, their faces filled with shock and fear as they thought they were being assaulted by a powerful profound beast.


 Yun Che used all of the profound strength in his body as he circulated Extreme Mirage Lightning to its limit. His speed was so fast that it would leave even a Monarch wide-eyed and tongue-tied...


 No, this would not do... this method is still too slow!


 Relying on his memories of the Mythical Abode Mountain Range, there were still roughly around two hundred kilometers between his current location and Cloud’s End Peak. Given his current speed, he would close this distance in a very short time but right now, he could not afford to waste even half a breath.


 He quickly summoned the Primordial Profound Ark as he was running and he instantly jumped across the space of two hundred kilometers, arriving at the foot of Cloud’s End Peak.


 As he raised his head to look up at it, the gigantic mountain rose into the heavens. It climbed into the clouds, its peak hidden from sight. The moment Yun Che appeared, he did not even bother trying to find any mountain paths. He simply rushed up the side of the mountain, his body surging with incredibly violent profound energy.


 “LING’ER!!” Yun Che let out a great shout, “Ling’er, where are you? It’s me, Yun Che... Ling’er, where are you!!?”


 His shouts which were laced with profound energy shook the surrounding area, startling the countless profound beasts that lived in Cloud’s End Peak and causing them to flee in all directions.


 The body of Cloud’s End Cliff was enormous and even Yun Che’s spiritual perception was not able to fully cover it in its entirety. Coupled with the fact that there were many profound beasts that lived in this area whose auras would interfere with his search, this meant that it would be very hard to find Su Ling’er quickly even though he had already confirmed that she was on Cloud’s End Peak... If those from Seven Stars Divine Palace managed to find Su Ling’er before him, the result would be unthinkable.


 As Yun Che’s mind whirled, he once again summoned the Primordial Profound Ark. After estimating the location of the mountain peak, he forcefully jumped through space again.


 It would naturally be easier to locate his target from above.


 After the Primordial Profound Ark jumped through space, Yun Che directly arrived at the summit of Cloud’s End Peak. He glanced downwards and to his shock, he saw a steep cliff that hung across the clouds. Below that steep cliff, a boundless abyss that resembled the great maw of a devil devoured all light, releasing a terrifying aura that caused one’s heart to palpitate.


 The summit of Cloud’s End Peak... Cloud’s End Cliff!!


 Even though fate had returned him to the Profound Sky Continent, this location in the Azure Cloud Continent... the place which terminated his fate with the Azure Cloud Continent was a location that he would never forget.


 Just a few months ago, he had promised Jasmine that he would definitely never approach Cloud’s End Cliff. But who would have thought that he would come face to face with it again right after he had returned to the Azure Cloud Continent.


 But right now, he was not the least bit melancholic. His eyes directly skipped over Cloud’s End Cliff as it quickly surveyed the area below him. After that, he also started to swiftly descend as well... Just as he was about to call out Su Ling’er again, he suddenly discovered that there were more than ten human figures gathered near the borders of Cloud’s End Cliff.


 Yun Che’s eyes immediately focused and zoomed in on them. Twelve people stood in front of Cloud’s End Cliff. The auras radiating from their bodies were rather powerful, there were six Thrones, five Overlords... and astonishingly one Monarch!


 From what Yun Che could determine from his aura, that person was a level three Monarch.


 All twelve people were dressed in similar attire. Eleven of them were dressed in black, the green-colored seven star mark embroidered on their breast. However, the old man who was radiating the aura of a Monarch was dressed in silver clothes, the same seven star mark was also embroidered on his breast... However, his mark was not the same dull green color as the others, instead it was a rather dazzling bright blue color.


 Yun Che’s heart fiercely seized up... The sect that had guarded that mountain path had mentioned that the people from Seven Stars Divine Palace had personally climbed up the mountain to look for her after they had confirmed that Ling’er had entered Cloud’s End Peak. The party of people that was mentioned also numbered twelve in all.


 These twelve people were astonishingly the twelve people who belonged to Seven Stars Divine Palace, not a single person was missing!


 They had actually already reached the summit!


 Wait a minute... then what about Ling’er??


 He was the one who had been forced into Cloud’s End Peak all those years ago, so he clearly knew that only one side of Cloud’s End Peak was a mountain, the other side was the dreaded Cloud’s End Cliff. The moment someone was forced into Cloud’s End Peak, unless he could forcefully break through the forces encircling him and flee, he would definitely be forced down the dead end that lead to Cloud’s End Cliff. There would definitely be no mountain waiting on the other side that he could flee down.


 Furthermore, given Su Ling’er’s profound strength, there was basically no way she could have forced her way through these twelve people. Moreover, since these people had already chased her to this location, why did he still not see Su Ling’er?


 Yun Che’s heart violently sank. He could not be bothered to care about anything else as he boldly rushed down... At the same time as he was making swift descent, the people from Seven Stars Divine Palace had already discovered his presence. The old man that was leading them shouted in a stern voice, “Who goes there!?”


 Bang!!


 Yun Che landed heavily in front of them, his gaze dark and dreadful. A malevolent aura poured from every pore on his body as he roared in a crazed and enraged voice, “Where is Ling’er? Where is Su Ling’er? Where have you hidden Su Ling’er!!?”


 “Heh, a punk like you actually dares to make rude demands our Seven Stars Divine Palace. Have you grown tired of living?” One of the Divine Palace disciples said with a look of contempt plastered over his face.


 The old man who stood at their head sharply raised his hand to stop everyone from acting blindly without thinking. Because he could clearly sense a dangerous aura radiating from yun Che’s body. He slowly strode forward and said in an indifferent voice, “Who are you? You’re looking for Su Ling’er? Could it be that you are prepared to fight our Seven Stars Divine Palace over this person...”


 Before his voice had even finished falling, the figure in front of him suddenly blurred. Before he could even react, a peerless and dreadful aura enveloped his entire body. A hand that felt like cold steel firmly wrapped around his throat and carried him off the ground.
Embark on an odyssey to the core at Nøv€lß¡n#★

 “You...” The old man from the Divine Palace croaked as his eyes bulged outwards, he was in a state of complete shock and terror. He was a dignified elder of Seven Stars Divine Palace, a level three Monarch who could arrogantly look down on the entire Azure Cloud Continent! However, it had only taken an instant for him to be seized by the throat like an infant. His shock and fear had caused him to attempt to struggle against this hold but to his horror, he found that his profound strength was being suppressed by an enormous power that he was not able to resist. He could barely even move at all and despite being a Divine Palace elder, he could only allow himself to be limply suspended in the air like some dead dog.


 “Elder Duoxing!!”


 The remaining divine palace disciples were all utterly shocked but after that, they rushed forward together.


 “Speak! Where is Su Ling’er... SPEAK!!!”


 The hand which Yun Che used to grab the Divine Palace elder was shaking and he lost control of the power he was exerting with his hand, his fingers jabbing deeply into the old man’s flesh. Every single word that he roared sounded like a clap of sudden thunder and the onrushing Divine Palace disciples were blasted aside by this roar as if they had been hit by a heavy mallet. As they flew threw the air while they screamed, the six Thrones felt their internal organs rupture. When they landed on the ground, they vomited a large mouthful of blood and they were unable to stand up for a long time.


 The bulging eyes of the Divine Palace elder nearly burst under the extreme terror he was experiencing. The pair of eyes glaring at him were the most dreadful eyes he had ever seen in his entire life, they were so bloodshot that it seemed like they had just been soaked in fresh blood.


 “Quickly speak! SPEAK!!!”


 “She... She...” The great terror and icy-cold despair that gripped the divine palace elder caused him to let out a voice filled with unbearable agony, “She... just... jumped down... Cloud’s... End... Cliff...”


 Zzzing————


 It was as if countless bolts of profound lightning had exploded in Yun Che’s brain simultaneously as his blood-stained pupils nearly instantly turned ashen.


 After he had appeared at the summit, the moment he had seen the people belonging to Seven Stars Divine Palace but not Su Ling’er, this dreadful idea had flashed through his head... Ending my own life is far preferable to falling into the hands of wicked men.


 But this thought was fiercely extinguished by him nearly instantly, because he could not believe nor was he able to accept that anything had happened to Su Ling’er.


 So when those ice-cold words had been blurted out by the Divine Palace elder he was grabbing, Yun Che felt as if he had been struck by lightning.


 “No... No... it’s not possible...” Yun Che’s face and lips had lost all color as his entire body swayed, “It’s not possible... it can’t end up like this... it’s not possible...”


 Suddenly, both his hands firmly grasped the divine palace elder’s neck at the same time as he yelled wildly in a crazed voice, “You’re lying to me! You’re definitely lying to me!! Tell me... Where is Su Ling’er!! You must have hidden here somewhere... Where is she, where did you hide my Ling’er!!”


 “Uuug...” The divine palace elder’s neck bones snapped and his entire body twitched. A dry and hoarse groan came from his throat as his skin slowly started to turn grayish-white, the same color as a corpse.


 All of the Divine Palace disciples present knew just how powerful this old man. So once they saw that he was not able to struggle or resist as Yun Che held him aloft like a little bird in his hands, none of them dared to move forward anymore. One of the Divine Palace disciples said in a trembling voice, “Se... Senior, Elder Duoxing isn’t lying to you, Su Ling’er, she... she really jumped down that cliff.”


 “~！@#￥%...” The malevolent aura that radiated from Yun Che’s body seemed to come from a blood-drenched despairing beast caused all the Divine Palace disciples to shake in their boots.


 “Thi... This has nothing to do with us, we didn’t want this to happen either.” Another divine palace disciple said in a flustered tone, “We only wanted something that she had in her possession. We had no plans to harm or kill her. But who would have guessed... who would have guessed that she would suddenly jump off the cliff the moment she saw us.”


 “Right, right, right... We didn’t even touch her. Before we were even given the opportunity to speak to her, she suddenly... jumped down...” The Divine Palace disciple who spoke panickedly took out an item, “This is the token that dropped from her body... when she jumped off the cliff... Senior, please... look at it.”


 The wooden token in his hand was dainty and delicate and an unusual “Su” word had been engraved on its surface.


 As his last rays of hope were completely obliterated, Yun Che’s vision spun.


 “AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!”


 All of the blood in his body rushed to his head in nearly an instant. After that, Yun Che’s body became as sinister as a devil’s. He let out a shrill howl that overflowed with grief as he slammed his fist into the head of the old man in his hand.


 Bang!!


 With an explosive pop, the Divine Palace elder’s entire head was instantly turned into blood and pulp which sprayed into the air.


 “AAAAAAHHHH——AAAAAAHHHH!!!!”


 Boom!!


 Yun Che had gone completely insane as he smashed the body that had just lost its head fiercely into the ground, pounding it into parts that could not be described.


 This bloody and horrifying scene had scared the Divine Palace disciples completely witless. They made weird noises which they themselves had never heard before as they raced down the side of the mountain like mad men. But mere moments after they had fled, they heard a howl that seemed to come from a devil growing closer and closer to them.


 “AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!”


 Bang!


 Bang!!


 BANG!!!


 Given their speed, how could they possibly escape from the palm of Yun Che’s hands? The Yun Che who had nearly lost all coherent thought and rationality hunted them down one by one. He did not use his sword nor did he use fire. This time, he simply struck them fiercely with his fists. Every time a fist thundered forward, the body of one of the Divine Palace disciples mercilessly exploded into ground meat.

