

Chapter 192 - Peak of the True Profound Realm

  

 Six drops of the Dragon God’s blood entered his body, causing Yun Che to instantly feel as though six balls of flames exploded within his body at the same time .


 To Yun Che, due to the existence of the Evil God’s Fire Seed, his fusion with the Phoenix’s blood was completely riskless and easily accomplished. However, the energy density of the Dragon God’s blood was evidently stronger than the Phoenix’s blood, and the energy from the Dragon God’s blood did not have a specific ’element’. To Yun Che, completely fusing with the six drops of Dragon God’s blood, was ten times more difficult than fusing with the Phoenix’s blood.


 Yun Che even suspected that, the Primordial Azure Dragon transferring all six drops of Dragon God’s blood into his body at one go might be another form of test for him.


 Yun Che immediately calmed himself. He sat down, and submerged his entire consciousness within his inner body. With his profound energy fully released, he began the slow and difficult process of fusing with the Dragon God’s Blood. As he felt the tremendous bloodline power hidden within the Dragon God’s Blood, he started to suspect himself if he was actually able to completely fuse the six drops of blood within seven days.


 The pitch-black world was completely isolated from the outside world, and no external forces would be able to interrupt him. Because of this, Yun Che was able to concentrate fully without any worries. Beside him, Chu Yuechan was under the protection of the Primordial Azure Dragon’s power, as she was enveloped by a layer of light-blue colored aura.


 Outside the pitch-black world, in the dim mountain cave where Yun Che encountered the Primordial Azure Dragon, Jasmine slowly revealed her figure. Raising her pair of cold eyes, she stared at the azure blue eyes in the sky. "You’re actually able to find out about this princess’ existence!"


 "How can I not recognize the power of the twelve Star Gods?" The Primordial Azure Dragon’s gentle voice sounded. "You, as one of the twelve Star Gods, actually appeared in this world, and you’re even harboring the Absolute God Slaying Poison. It seems something big must have happened in the Star God Realm."


 Jasmine snorted, and coldly replied. "Hmph! You’re nothing but a residual soul that will disappear in a few years. Your role, is to watch over and conduct the trials and bestowals of your blood inheritance. As for the things happening in our Star God Realm, you do not need to be concerned about them."


 Towards her cold tone, the Primordial Azure Dragon did not mind in the slightest, and still retained his calm tone. "In the World of Gods back then, many Gods were still extremely fearful of the Absolute God Slaying Poison. I did not expect that, even until now, within this realm, this frightening god-killing poison still exists. It seems, some individuals must have found the inheritance left by that ’Demon’. And in this realm, the only thing capable of cleansing this poison, is the Sky Poison Pearl. Your body currently resides with the Sky Poison Pearl, and as long as you do not use your profound energy, within three years, the poison will be cleansed... However, you’re harboring a very deep hatred and killing intent within your soul. Even though the power restriction brought about by the Absolute God Slaying Poison, and the existence of this youth which you might have developed some form of feelings for, have completely suppressed these deep hatred and killing intent of yours, if you manage to fully cleanse your body from the poison one day, and leave this youth... It’s hard to imagine, just how many lives will be taken by your hands."


 Jasmine’s thin brows slightly sank, and her charming and tender small face was filled with hideousness, like a demon from hell. "People that this princess wish to kill, are people who deserve to die! These people who ought to die are are spreaded throughout nine star realms, and they total to twenty-six billion people! As long as this princess is still alive, there will come a day, when all of them, will die!"


 The Primordial Azure Dragon grew solemn, and then heaved a long sigh. "You once possessed the purest and kindest of souls, but nonetheless, the deep hatred and killing intent that were born and grew within this purity, were also extremely pure. I can only hope that there will be someone who will save you from within this deep hatred and killing intent... I am only but a residual soul, which indeed do not have to know too many things that I do not need to know. But the reason why I wish to converse with you, is to find out... whether that sword, has already been found."


 Jasmine seemed to be really clear what "that sword" was referring to, and coldly laughed. "Many gods have died because of that sword. Even though you’re only a wisp of a residual soul, you actually still have deep memories of that sword. This princess, however, can tell you this. Although countless people have risked their lives to find that sword, it has yet to be found by anyone."


 "... The reason why I asked about that sword, is not because of the deep memories I have for it. Rather, residing within that sword, is a spirit that’s extremely important to me."


 Jasmine: "??"


 "I have no idea just what kind of answer I wished to hear as well. No matter if it’s been found by someone, or has yet to be found, either answers will bring about hope, and at the same time, worry. I hope that it has been found, but I worry that it’s been found as well...


 Jasmine furrowed her brows. "What’s the meaning behind what you just said? Unless there’s still a special secret kept within that sword?"


 "It’s not really a secret, but a worry that will never be relieved even if I were to perish... Little girl, I thank you for being willing to reveal yourself and converse with me, and even frankly tell me about some things. Your existence, have given me a few other ideas for this youth who have passed my trials. But you need not worry, I will not harm him, I will only bestow him a few more gifts, and then, entrust him with a part of my wish..."


 ——————————————


 Under Yun Che’s careful release, the profound energy which he had suppressed in the endless plains for nearly five months, was like a flood bursting through a dam; he made rapid breakthroughs. In a single day, he continuously broke through three levels, and arrived at the seventh level of the True Profound Realm.


 After that, with the fusion of every single drop of the Dragon God’s blood, the power of the Dragon God’s bloodline that was stored within, allowed Yun Che’s profound strength to increase rapidly as well.


 After fusing with the first drop of the Dragon God’s blood, Yun Che’s profound energy immediately shot up to the eighth level of the True Profound Realm, and after fusing with three drops of the Dragon God’s blood, it was raised to the ninth level of the True Profound Realm.


 Seven days later, the fusion with all six drops of the Dragon God’s blood was complete, and Yun Che’s profound energy climbed to the tenth level of the True Profound Realm. With just one more step, he would enter the Spirit Profound Realm.


 To have arrived at the tenth level of the True Profound Realm from the fourth level of the True Profound Realm within seven days was undoubtedly a dream-level increase. Yun Che’s strength had also grown crazily in this type of increase.


 On the eighth day, Yun Che finally opened his eyes. The world within his profound veins had been expanded by several times, and an unbelievably strong force was surging through every drop of blood and every cell within his body. At the same time, he felt that the level of tyranny of his meridians, profound veins, bones, and skin, had long surpassed before, and these changes did not come from the Great Way of the Buddha. They evidently came from the Dragon God’s bloodline!


 The Primordial Azure Dragon’s power did not possess an ‘element’, its physical body and strength, could be described with one word, “tyrannical”. With the infusing of the Dragon God’s bloodline, it had undoubtedly changed Yun Che’s physical body and strength, causing them to become incomparably tyrannical. At the very least, they had long surpassed the realms of a mere human.


 Although he did not breakthrough into the Spirit Profound Realm, with the power surging within his body, Yun Che believed that, with his current self, even if he were to face a late-stage Spirit Realm practitioner, he would not feel the slightest bit of fear. He was now confident that he could defeat Ling Jie, who had an overwhelming advantage over half a year ago, with a single blow... Of course, that was restricted to the Ling Jie of half a year ago. Yun Che himself had gained a leap in strength, so that monster-like Ling Jie might have made extreme improvements during this period as well.


 Chu Yuechan had always been by his side. When he opened his eyes, the blue power that had been protecting Chu Yuedan slowly dissipated. He hurriedly carried Chu Yuedan’s upper body, speedily poured his profound energy into her body, and said with concern. “Little Fairy, are you alright?”


 “I’m fine.” Chu Yuechan replied softly. “You actually broke through... to the tenth level of the True Profound Realm!”


 Although she had lost all her profound strength, her ability to identify the intensities of profound strength was not lost. According to the intensity of Yun Che’s profound aura, she was able to instantly discern that he had actually reached the peak of the True Profound Realm.


 “Mn!” Yun Che nodded with a smile. “Don’t worry, I have already completely fused with the six drops of the Dragon God’s blood. The Primordial Azure Dragon told me that, with this done, I’m able to completely heal you, and you might even gain a breakthrough into the Emperor Profound Realm.”


 He raised his head, and asked loudly. “Primordial Azure Dragon, I have already completely fused with the bloodline, it’s about time you tell me what I should do to heal Little Fairy.”


 “It’s very simple.” The azure blue eyes opened in the skies above, accompanied by the Primordial Azure Dragon’s voice. “Although you have only assimilated with six drops of Dragon God’s blood in your veins, with just the dragon’s system alone, the intensity of your bloodline has already long surpassed the average True Dragon. Her meridians have snapped, and her profound veins have been broken; staying alive is easy, but to recover her former abilities, is extremely difficult. And the only way to allow her to heal completely, is to obtain a way to breakthrough and that is, your virgin dragon seed. You only have a single virgin dragon seed in your entire life, and it possesses an extremely mystical ability. With you, being a virgin male, and her, being a virgin maiden, your Yin and Yang are extremely compatible. Your virgin dragon seed will be completely absorbed by her Yin element as a virgin maiden, healing all of the injuries in her body, and she will even obtain a certain degree of the Dragon God’s bloodline. Reconstructing a new set of profound veins has a high possibility of directly breaking through the bottleneck, and reaching an even higher realm.”


 As the Primordial Azure Dragon narrated this, Yun Che, who was initially filled with high expectations, was momentarily stunned. He subconsciously turned to look at Chu Yuechan, only to find her face blushing red; her eyes flickered with deep resentment. He said with a little stutter, “Primordial Azure Dragon, you’re saying... you’re saying...”


 “Hoho, I have already described it really clearly. This was also why I only told you about this after you completely fused with the Dragon God’s blood. To restore her profound strength, this is the only way. As to how you’re going to go about doing it, it’s up to both of you to decide... Summon me whenever you’re done.”


 After the Primordial Azure Dragon left these words, the blue eyes slowly disappeared, and its aura completely disappeared without a trace.


 In this dark world, only Yun Che and Chu Yuechan was left. Within this extreme silence, both of them could hear their intense pumping hearts.


 Yun Che slowly took a deep breath, and his state of mind quickly became calm. He was very clear that, in this situation, Chu Yuechan basically could not move a single inch, and nor would she accept it. So, he had to be the one to take initiative. As for the blame and the consequences that followed, he had to take responsibility for all of that as well.


 Yun Che once again carried Chu Yuechan, and moved her to his body. “Little Fairy, the method the Primordial Azure Dragon spoke of earlier, you clearly heard it as well, right?”


 “No...” Chu Yuechan’s emotions were in a state of severe unrest. “Even if I die, I will never...”


 “I know.” Yun Che calmly said. “You women from the Frozen Cloud Asgard are as clear as ice and as pure as jade for your entire lives; no matter your body or spirit, they are both pure and clean like ice and snow. Even in death, you will never be willing to have your body tainted. But, we have already been together for so long, and especially, in this five months, we have nestled in each other’s embrace at every single moment. Ask your inner heart, do you really hate the way I’m hugging you right now? If I’m the only person in your entire life who takes away your chastity, are you really that... against it?”


 Chu Yuechan’s eyes froze. Right after, they turned completely misty, and not long after, they once again started to shake violently.


 “I’m well aware of the sect’s taboo that has been passed down for generations in your Frozen Cloud Asgard, and the way of thinking that’s deeply ingrained in your mind for tens of years; you’re basically unable to get past that barrier in your heart... Then, I will help you get past it. You did not make any mistakes, nor did you break any of your sect’s taboos, everything was because of me. If, after today, you’re willing to become a real woman, I will take responsibility for my entire life, and if you choose to leave, I will definitely not stop or pester you either. I don’t know which choice you will make, but there’s one thing I’m sure of, and it’s that you’re definitely unwilling to stay a cripple for your entire life.”


 After saying that, Yun Che placed Chu Yuechan on the ground. He stretched out his hands and slowly pulled off the clothes in front of her chest, revealing her ice-snow skin.


 “No... don’t...” Chu Yuechan’s eyes were trembling with shock. Using all her strength to raise her right arm, she grabbed onto his wrist. “If... you dare to do that to me... I will definitely... definitely... kill you...”


 Yun Che took hold of her hand, bent his body over, and forcefully kissed her fragrant lips, preventing her from making any other sounds.
This creation is firmly rooted in the depths of Nøv€lß¡n★

 Chu Yuechan’s beautiful eyes widened, as she emitted out whimpering sounds. But as her extremely beautiful upper body was being completely exposed under Yun Che’s body, her whimpering sounds became more powerless as time went by...

