

Chapter 1531 - Dark Dragon Soul

 Bang... It was at this moment that the layer of ice sealing Yun Che completely disintegrated.


 The power of the Dragon Monarch had been far too horrific. Even though it was only the excess energy from that attack, it had still directly destroyed the protection that Mu Xuanyin had given to Yun Che with her last remaining bit of strength...


 Blood gushed from every part of Yun Che’s body. In that instant, he felt as if his body had been torn into countless pieces, but the intense pain that wracked his entire body told him that he was still alive in an incomparably clear manner.


 With a slowly-fading ice aura and broken layers of ice, she still fought to protect his life.


 Her snowy robes were dyed bright red and that fantastical ice blue hair was swiftly losing its icy glow, turning black bit by bit. She was like a broken winged butterfly in the icy air, falling into a dark abyss which light never visited.


 “Master——”


 Yun Che let out a blood-filled cry as he rushed forward in a frenzied manner... Even though his entire body had been heavily injured, his Heretic God Gates instantly opened up to the “Hell Monarch” gate, his speed surpassing his previous limits...


 After the Dragon Monarch, the Southern Sea God Emperor, God Emperor Shitian, four of the Guardians, and three of the Brahma Kings arrived one after the other. Zhou Xuzi and Qianye Fantian had also returned at this point. After receiving the scare of nearly letting Yun Che get away in that instant, every single one of them no longer dared to hesitate. Even though they were facing the Mu Xuanyin who had clearly been fatally wounded by the Dragon Monarch’s palm, they still attacked together as they desired to shove her and Yun Che into the realm of death. They did not want to give any leeway or chance to escape.


 Four god emperors and seven high level Divine Masters attacked simultaneously. This was a power so terrifying that it was enough to obliterate a small star region.


 Looks of astonishment appeared on the Divine Masters behind them as profound energy started surging through their bodies as they protected themselves.


 In front of such a mighty force, Mu Xuanyin, whose profound light had been completely extinguished, and Yun Che, who was rushing towards her, seemed as insignificant and tiny as grains of sand...


 “Uu...aaaaghh!”


 This roar was incomparably hoarse and pain-filled, and it sounded like it had come from a despairing beast. The moment they made their attack, Yun Che finally managed to touch Mu Xuanyin’s body with one hand, while his other hand grasped onto an icy blue light...


 The Snow Princess Sword, Mu Xuanyin’s beloved sword that she was never without.


 He cradled Mu Xuanyin in her arms and hugged her tightly, as if he was embracing the entire universe... It was just that this universe was so cold that it pierced the heart. He suddenly thrust out the Snow Princess Sword in his hand, his vital energy being spent at an incredible rate, drawing a gigantic ice blue arc of light in the air.


 This spreading arc of light was the most powerful performance of a technique in his entire life...


 Moon Star Restoration!


 In that instant, in the space in front of him... that vast emptiness that was being enveloped by the power of those god emperors and Divine Masters, the laws completely reversed.


 Immediately, the attacks that the four god emperors and seven Divine Masters had made with all of their might fiercely rebounded against them, it was as if their attacks were beams of light that had come into contact with a reflective barrier. The spreading profound light completely engulfed all of the space behind them in the next instant.


 Hhhrummmm————————


 No one could have foreseen the events abruptly unfolding in front of them which completely defied all logic and common sense, so it was even less likely that they would have guarded against it. As that earth-shaking explosion shook the air, the four god emperors and the seven Divine Masters who had just made their attacks were blasted away in an instant. This included even the Dragon Monarch himself.


 The one who had been especially affected was the Eternal Heaven God Emperor who had already been hurt by Mu Xuanyin’s slash. An arrow of blood that was more than thirty meters long wildly spewed from his mouth and his body tumbled in the air as he was sent flying.


 In the area behind them, the other god emperors and higher realm kings who had simply been watching from the sidelines were instantly engulfed by that calamitous power which incited cries of fear and wails of misery to echo underneath that apocalyptic profound light.


 To be able to become the realm kings of upper star realms, every single one of them had to possess strength that stood at the pinnacle of this universe. However, the combined power that came from four god emperors and seven Divine Masters was extremely hard for even people like them to endure and many of them suffered serious injuries in that instant.


 The explosive rumbling in his ears suppressed all the sound in the world, but not a single ripple entered Yun Che’s world. He hugged Mu Xuanyin’s body...


 Her icy aura had clearly completely faded away and even her icy hair had lost its surreal and fantastical icy blue tint, but why did her arms still feel as cold as ever?


 “Mas... ter...”


 His voice trembled with such intensity but it did not match how violently his own body was trembling... As she lay in his arms, her skin was as translucent and lustrous as pearl. Her jade face was still so perfectly beautiful and flawless, but it no longer contained even the slightest hint of its previous imperious might. In fact, the expression on her face looked so sad and beautiful that it could shatter a person’s heart and soul.


 Mu Xuanyin’s eyelashes gently fluttered, as if they were a pair of butterfly wings caught in the wind. It was just that her eyes no longer contained that frightful icy light. Instead, they looked dim and vacant. That hand which was even more lustrously white than snow slowly rose to touch Yun Che’s cheek.


 Startling trails of blood dripped down her arm, staining the Void Illusion Stone that had already been dyed the color of blood.


 “Live... on...”


 Her voice was as faint and wispy as mist in a dream and those two short words used up the very last bit of icy light that remained in her eyes. The hand that had just touched Yun Che’s cheek fell limply... as it brought along the Void Illusion Stone with it.


 She had wanted to see Yun Che’s face clearly, had wanted to tell him that she did not want to them to be student and teacher again in their next lives... However, fate was not even willing to grant her very last wish.


 Cra...


 Crack...


 Crack...


 Even though his teeth were cracking, one after the other, Yun Che did not feel any pain. He bent down and tightly hugged Mu Xuanyin’s completely lifeless body as his heart was being shredded apart by the cruelest and most wicked knives in the world over and over again...


 His eyes lost all their color and only a terrifying gloomy blackness remained in them. However, the tears were flowing from his eyes like water from a broken dam as they poured down his face. He was unable to stop them.


 He had personally witnessed the Blue Pole Star being reduced to dust, causing him to lose all of his family... but he had not cried because that had been a sort of tearless despair. It had been like a nightmare that was far too cruel, an event so dark and dim that it felt like an illusion.


 However, Mu Xuanyin’s life had slowly ebbed away in his arms... making it so that even his desire to treat it as an illusory nightmare was nothing but an extravagant wish.


 “Ah, ah... Ah... Wuuu... Wuuuu...” Those low and deep sobs were filled with boundless pain and sorrow, like a wild dog who had broken bones all over its body.


 The last time he had cried uncontrollably was when he had found Chu Yuechan and Yun Wuxin once more... On that day, it was the first time that he had truly felt grateful to the heavens, the first time that he truly appreciated the beauty of this world. In fact, all of the wickedness and hardship in the world seemed so small and insignificant to him on that day.


 But this time, his tears told him just how cold and merciless this world was, just how sorrowful and cruel fate could be...


 The blood-stained Void Illusion Stone had fallen into his palm and he was tightly clutching it... This was the only ray of hope left to him. He had wanted to leave it to Mu Xuanyin, but she had stubbornly given it back to him.


 “Live... on...” Those were her last words, her last wish.


 In the distant space, the profound light had finally dissipated. Every single one of the gathered god emperors and Divine Masters looked battered and disheveled, to the point where all of them had been in a state of shock for a period of time.


 Even given the knowledge and experience they had built up in their lives, they were still completely befuddled by what had just happened.


 But in that instant, Xia Qingyue swiftly sent a sound transmission to Yue Wuji. “Restrain him!”


 Riiiip!


 When everyone else was still floundering about, flowing golden light abruptly swept over Yue Wuji as his body cut through space and shot towards Yun Che.


 Yun Che bowed his head and hugged Mu Xuanyin. He did not move an inch and his body was like an empty shell which had lost its soul... But just as Yue Wuji neared him, he suddenly saw Yun Che slowly raise his head to look at him.


 “!?” That was a pair of incredibly gloomy and vacant eyes and the moment their gazes met, Yue Wuji actually felt as if he was staring into a bottomless abyss, an abyss that could devour everything. Every single nerve in his body, every single part of his soul uncontrollably tensed up all of a sudden and his body even slowed down a little because it.


 In the next instant, a blue light suddenly exploded in the space above Yun Che.


 ROOOOOOOAAAAR————————


 A despairing dragon’s cry resounded in every inch of space, completely pervading the souls of everyone who heard it.


 Yue Wuji’s vision blacked out for a moment as his body was sent cartwheeling through the air dozens of times before he finally forced his body to stop... His eyes beheld the gigantic image of a dragon that was raising its head towards the heavens and bellowing. The dragon’s body was as azure as a blue sky, but a gloomy black light radiated from that pair of dragon eyes and it was accompanied by an incomparably terrifying draconic might.


 Under this draconic might, Yue Wuji... the Moon God Realm’s number one Moon God, who was only inferior to the Moon God Emperor herself, could clearly feel a dark and cold fear spread throughout his entire body, and this fear actually made him not dare to take a single step forward for a period of time.


 “...” The Dragon Monarch’s body was rooted in place and as he stared at the distant image of the dragon god with pitch-black dragon eyes, the pupils of his own eyes were silently quivering.


 The two dots of pitch-black light which shone from those dragon eyes seemed to pervade every corner of this world. It swept past everyone’s faces, everyone’s bodies, everyone’s auras and souls, firmly carving the special characteristics of everyone present into the deepest part of its soul...


 Never to be erased.


 Bang!


 With a very soft ringing sound, that Void Illusion Stone which Caiyi had “exchanged” with Wu Guike back then, the Void Illusion Stone which she had then casually tossed to Yun Che, was shattered to pieces in his hand. It released an invisible spatial divine power which whisked both Yun Che and Mu Xuanyin away from that place.


 It was only when they stared at the suddenly empty space in front of them that everyone seemed to awaken from a dream.
The initial posting of this chapter occurred via N0v3l.B11n.

 “Oh no!!”


 BOOOOM!!


 As energy explosions wildly rang in the air, many figures dashed towards the spot where Yun Che had previously been with extreme speed. But they could not find any trace of him or spatial residue left behind by the Void Illusion Stone.


 Crack, crack, crack!


 Qianye Fantian clenched his hands so tightly that his knuckles popped as he growled through gritted teeth, “We actually let him get away again... That damned Snow Song Realm King!”


 Thirteen god emperors had been gathered here today, and Yun Che had appeared as well, but they let him escape once more! This was practically the biggest and most absurd joke in the universe! In fact, even if one of them spoke about it, no one would believe them.


 Not only had Yun Che gotten away, the Blue Pole Star had been destroyed as well! He had come here specially for this, but it had actually all been for nothing. He had not gained a single thing!


 “Keh... Keh keh...” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor clutched a hand to his chest and it was clear that his wounds were not light. He gave a heavy sigh before saying, “Both times he escaped, it was because of a Void Illusion Stone. A spatial divine artifact of this level is too hard to preempt... However, it isn’t possible that he has a third one.”


 As he thought of those pitch black pupils reflected in Yun Che’s eyes when he escaped and those dark dragon eyes which caused even his heart palpitate for an instant... his chest violently heaved and he said in a deep voice, “Reissue this command, we must kill him at all costs... Given his strength, he is definitely on his last legs.”


 “Hah. To think that a woman who possessed the power of a god emperor would be willing to sacrifice her life for a devil that is only thirty years of age... What a joke this is!” the Southern Sea God Emperor said in a low voice.


 “Hmph! There were so many of us, but we couldn’t keep that weak devil from escaping! That’s the real joke! It’s simply the biggest joke in the history of the God Realm! If it gets out, even this king would feel embarrassed!” Xia Qingyue said icily.


 She turned around and said in a cold voice, “Wuji, let’s return to our realm.”


 “OH, that’s right.” She suddenly turned around, her cold and imperious voice ringing in everybody’s ears. “The Snow Song Realm King used her own life to protect the devil, so her crimes extend beyond her death. However, her guilt in this matter does not extend to the tiny Snow Song Realm. This kings owes a debt of gratitude to the Snow Song Realm, so if anyone dares to harm the Snow Song Realm over this matter, don’t blame this king for being impolite!”


 Each word resounded with a heavenly might and they left no room for doubt.


 Given the mercilessness and extreme cruelty she had displayed today, no one would dare to touch her bottomline.


 Once she had finished speaking, she left in a cold and indifferent manner... as she also brought the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace she had forcefully taken back from Yun Che along with her.

