

Chapter 809 - Bloodstained Jasmine (5)

  

 The sounds of the six pieces of corpses hitting the ground were so heavy that they caused one’s heart to palpate. An eerie atmosphere descended onto the Sea God Arena and indescribable fear seemed to spread around frantically, like a plague.


 On the Sea God Arena, everyone was speechless and their eyes all stared widely. The tremendous shock and fear caused their eyes to be covered in wisps of blood to the extent that they nearly exploded.


 At the level of Monarchs, one’s body was as tough as rock and their vitality was extremely strong as well. Even if their bodies were to be severed into several parts, they could still maintain a short period of consciousness and their profound energy would take even longer before being slowly dispelled.


 When the severed bodies of the Three Sword Attendants landed, there was only a ghastly silence. Regardless whether it was their vitality, or their profound energy aura, it all completely disappeared and they laid there like six puddles of mud that had been mixed with blood. If one were to simply look at these six segments of corpses, no one would be able to believe that they were the Three Sword Attendants from the Sword Region that reigned at the top of the Profound Sky.


 “Ahh... ahhh... ahhhhhh...” Xia Yuanba’s agape mouth would not close and deep in his throat, trembling gaps were subconsciously emitted by him. Behind him, the Sanctuary’s Spiritual Masters had already long forgotten to restrain him. Deep in their eyes, one could see the strongest sense of fear... and disbelief they had ever felt in their lives.


 Although killing an Overlord in an instant was shocking, it was perfectly within the means of a high leveled Monarch.


 However, killing a true Monarch in an instant was something that even those powerhouses who stood at the pinnacle of Profound Sky Continent had neither seen nor heard of.


 But right in front of their eyes, the people that were instantly killed were not just Monarchs, they were the level ten Monarchs who possessed the ability to look down at the world with arrogance!


 Furthermore, it was three simultaneously!!


 This was a strength that was several times stronger than they could comprehend or imagine! This was strength that did not even appear in their oldest legends, their most ridiculous fantasy dreams or imaginations.


 However, such an a scene, the strength that could instantly kill three tenth levelled Monarchs had clearly appeared in front of their eyes... and what caused of all these was just a young girl who looked to be twelve or thirteen!


 “Im... impossible... this... must... be a dream...”


 One segment of a Sword Attendant’s body landed right in front of Xuanyuan Wendao. He looked at the severed corpse and broken sword at his feet as his face turned pale white under extreme fear.


 Although the overall strength of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region lay at the bottom among the Four Great Sacred Grounds, they possessed four level ten Monarchs, and this was what they were the most proud of. However, three of them had died in an instant... Without question, this would cause inestimable damage to their reputation and strength.


 “Fa... Father.” Ye Xinghan walked weakly to the back of Ye Meixie, trying to seek safety in the midst of his fear. However, he found that Ye Meixie’s entire body was cold and his hands were trembling slightly.


 Jasmine, who single-handedly caused all of this, still looked indifferent like before. She did not even take a glance at the bodies of the Three Sword Attendants. It was as though the people who died at her hands were not three top profound practitioners of the Profound Sky but insignificant ants... To Jasmine, the Three Sword Attendants who were godlike in the eyes of the Profound Sky profound practitioners were indeed just ants to her.


 Her gaze landed on Xuanyuan Wentian as she slowly walked towards him.


 Jasmine’s footsteps were light and slow but every time she took a step, Xuanyuan Wentian’s heartbeat would palpate ferociously. With her eyes fixated on him as she approached, he felt an unbearable sense of fear that he had never felt before. It was as if a demon, that had laid dormant in the heart of this Sacred Master, had been awakened, and was frantically growing and expanding.


 “You are Xuanyuan Wentian?” Jasmine asked coldly.


 “Just... who... are you?” Xuanyuan Wentian tried his best to maintain his demeanor as the Sword Master, but under Jasmine’s gaze, his voice trembled ferociously and the muscles on his face were also trembling completely uncontrollably.


 He was someone who ruled over the world and was one of the unrivalled Four Sacred Masters of the Profound Sky. He would never have dreamed that a girl’s innocent gaze would cause such fear to develop within him.


 “This princess is Yun Che’s master.” Jasmine’s snowy face, which was more exquisite than a doll’s, revealed ice cold ridicule, “Didn’t you mention just now that you would make Yun Che’s master die under your sword? Now that this princess is here, how are you going to make this princess die under your sword?”


 Clearly hearing the red dressed young girl say that she was “Yun Che’s master”, all the nerves in Xuanyuan Wentian’s body tightened. Huangji Wuyu, Qu Fengyi and Ye Meixie’s bodies all shuddered as well.


 Xuanyuan Wentian was an exceptionally cunning person who was highly arrogant. He had never feared anything before but also never thought that there was anything in this world that was capable of making him feel fear. With his mentality, even in the face of a sure death situation, he would still be composed and would never reveal any signs of fear.


 However, the level that Jasmine was at was far too superior to his and the sense of danger Jasmine emitted was something that his willpower and convictions could never resist.


 “You...” Xuanyuan Wentian stretched out his hands, his five fingers curled together... The strength of the Three Sword Attendants was something he knew clearly. If they were to work together, they would be able to force him to a draw. This frightening red dressed young girl in front of him could kill the Three Sword Attendants in an instant, which also meant that if she wanted to kill him, it was essentially effortless!


 Because of fear, Xuanyuan Wentian’s mind was in chaos. Suddenly, a sly glint flashed past his eyes and a purple light flashed. A profound sword that glowed with purple light suddenly appeared and stabbed towards Jasmine with the sound of thunder.


 Ding...


 With an extremely soft noise, Xuanyuan Wentian’s purple sword stopped in front of Jasmine.


 Two tender and snow white fingers gently held the tip of the purple sword.


 In terms of swordsmanship, Xuanyuan Wentian was undoubted the best in the world. Every single slash he made was able to tear apart space and it was extremely frightening. The stab he just made was extremely sudden and due to his fearfulness, Xuanyuan Wentian did not even hold back one bit. His target was also only three steps away from him...


 However, an attack executed in such a way was stopped so elegantly by Jasmine with just two fingers... In an instant, the purple glow on the sword, the sword intent, as well as the sound of thunder disappeared without a trace.


 Xuanyuan Wentian held onto the hilt of the sword and his arms started to tremble as though they were pendulums. Fear was even more obviously plastered over his face and no matter how much his arms trembled, the purple sword did not move in the slightest.


 “Saint... Saint Emperor...” Behind Huangji Wuyu, Spiritual Master Detached Heart’s face was flushed and beads of sweat flooded his forehead like torrential rain.


 “Quickly... remove the restraints on Yuanba... quick...” Huangji Wuyu said in a trembling voice. Everything Yun Che said to him as well as what he said to Yun Che were just next to his ear and he knew each word fully well. Since this red dressed young girl knew about the conversation between Xuanyuan Wentian and Yun Che, she must also have seen and heard how he treated Yun Che!


 This young girl dressed in red who claimed to be Yun Che’s master was far scarier than the Primordial Devil God told in legends! Among the Four Sacred Masters, although Huangji Wuyu was recognized as the strongest in the world, he knew in his heart that in terms of strength, Qu Fengyi and Ye Meixie might be slightly behind him but Xuanyuan Wentian was definitely on par with him. His title of “Profound Sky’s Number One” was only due to the fact that his Sanctuary was stronger than the Sword Region. In terms of strength alone, he should be ranked together with Xuanyuan Wentian as the Profound Sky’s number one.


 Yet a full strength attack from the strongest in Profound Sky was casually negated by two of her fingers.


 The difference between their strengths was beyond heaven and earth!


 Just who was she... where did she come from... How could there be such a frightening existence in this world!?


 Yun Che was someone who definitely exacted revenge... or perhaps it could be said that he exacted revenge on grievances suffered. Furthermore, he was highly cruel when he exacted revenge. This was a fact that the entire world knew because there were far too many bloody examples. If Yun Che relied on this red dressed girl to take revenge against Absolute Monarch Sanctuary, the consequences would be unthinkable.


 Earlier, he reprimanded and prevented Xia Yuanba from protecting Yun Che. But now, he had no choice by to place all his hopes on Xia Yuanba and Yun Che’s relationship to settle this sudden and impending crisis...


 Furthermore, in the ten thousand history of Absolute Monarch Sanctuary, this was their most frightening crisis... and it was not exaggeration!!


 Bang!


 Jasmine pinched her fingers together lightly and numerous dense crack lines appeared instantly on the purple sword. Furthermore, the sword that Xuanyuan Wentian held was definitely not normal. This purple sword was named “Thunder’s Might” and was one of the ten famous Tyrant Profound artifacts in the Profound Sky Continent. It was forged using a meteorite from outer space that had withstood more than three thousand strikes of lightning. It possessed an unlimited sword might and the sword was extremely durable. Even if Xuanyuan Wentian had used all his might, he would not even be able to damage it slightly.


 However, in the hands of Jasmine, it had shattered instantly as though it was a layer of thin ice.


 Bang!!


 Within the sounds of an explosion, the purple sword turned into numerous small fragments and scattered. Only the tip of the sword remained between Jasmine’s fingers. Xuanyuan Wentian screamed pathetically and blood oozed from his entire right arm. The skin and flesh had been completely ripped apart. He staggered backwards and with one last step, he fell backwards onto the ground and did not stand up for some time as his body continuously shivered.


 He still possessed two thousand years of cultivation, so he would instinctively withdraw his hand when he sensed danger. Otherwise, in accordance to the power Jasmine used on the sword, not only would his skin and flesh be ripped apart, even the bones of his entire hand might have turned into smithereens.


 “Sword... Sword Master!!!”


 “Sword Master!!”
N0v3lTr0ve served as the original host for this chapter's release on N0v3l--B1n.

 Xuanyuan Wentian collapsed to the ground in a splatter of blood. The dense sword aura and profound aura that he originally possessed had nearly completely vanished. The various elders of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region were flabbergasted and rushed forward without caring for their lives.


 Jasmine’s glanced to her side slightly and a slight cruel, cold smile appeared on her face. The fingers holding onto the tip of the sword gently flinged...


 Ding!!!


 A straight red line was etched clearly in the air.


 Riiiiiiiiip~


 The overlapping sounds of blood spraying was so deafening that it seemed like it was the noise of a thousand meter waterfall. Among the team from Mighty Heavenly Sword Region, the heads of twenty three Sword Region Elders that were in the front were severed from their bodies in an instant. They all crashed to the ground at the same time, and like gourds, all twenty three of them rolled a far distance away.


 As for the twenty three bodies that lost their heads, pillars of blood were spraying ferociously due to the fact that they had gathered their profound energies right before their deaths. The highest pillar of blood sprayed up several tens of meters into the air. On the east side of the Sea God Arena, a startling red rain began pouring down.


 Those able to stand at the front were undoubted the strongest figures within Mighty Heavenly Sword Region. Each one of them were true Monarchs! However, in that very instant, twenty three of these Monarchs had their heads separated from their bodies. Throughout the entire process, there neither an earth-shattering energy collision nor any heaven splitting storm of destruction occurred. Only a red streak was etched in the air.


 “No... Don’t... Don’t go over... Don’t go over there!!!”


 Xuanyuan Wendao did not dare to take half a step forward... Even if he wanted to, he probably did not have the strength to do it. The legs of the almighty young master of the sword region who feared nothing, were currently shivering like sieves that could collapse at any moment. Under the terror, his face was simply whiter than any ghost of legend.


 This Chapter’s Teaser

