

Chapter 1511 - Xuanyin

 “Palace Master Bingyun.” After Shui Meiyin left, Yun Che stood in front of Mu Bingyun.


 “Sect Master just told me about a lot of things through sound transmission,” Mu Bingyun said. “It’s really hard to imagine that you actually managed to obtain such a result from a Devil Emperor. I can already foresee that you will become the celebrated God Child Messiah who is acknowledged by the entire universe. Your name will forever be recorded in the annals of history and the Snow Song Realm will also share in your glory.”


 “This... To be honest, I only did whatever I could do. The most important thing was Senior Devil Emperor’s sacrifice and willingness to aid us.”


 Yun Che had always been extremely clear about one thing. Even though this result had a great deal to do with him, and even the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor had told him to always remember that he was the true savior of the world, in reality... the biggest reason for this outcome had been Jie Yuan’s own will.


 “You also borrowed the halo and authority of the ‘God Child Messiah’ to perfectly obtain a home for the Heavenly Slaughter Star God. I think that to you, her, and the rest of the God Realm, there could not be a more perfect outcome than this. I congratulate you.”


 There was a faint smile on her face and it was very shallow indeed. He had only seen Mu Bingyun’s smiling face a few times in total.


 Yun Che gave an emotion-filled sigh. “If it was not for Palace Master Bingyun bringing me to the God Realm back then, today’s outcome would not have been realized and I would not have been able to see her again in this lifetime. I will never forget that Palace Master Bingyun is one of the great benefactors of my life.”


 Mu Bingyun gave a small shake of her head as she said, “I didn’t do much. Everything you obtained is what you deserve. From now on, with the existence of the Heavenly Slaughter Star God, the Blue Pole Star will become a taboo that no one will dare to touch. Your safety and the safety of the Blue Pole Star will finally be something that no one needs to be concerned about ever again.”


 “Palace Master Bingyun,” Yun Che said, “do you... have some instructions for me?”


 “Ah, it isn’t much. There’s just one thing that I’m not sure if I should remind you of... Or perhaps I shouldn’t after all,” Mu Bingyun said in a calm voice.


 Yun Che, “...”


 Mu Bingyun asked, “Do you know exactly why Sect Master did not object to the matter of you and the little princess of the Glazed Light Realm, and has even been pushing it forward at every opportunity?”


 He was surprised as to why Mu Bingyun would ask him such a question but he pondered the question for a while before replying, “At first, Master said that the Glazed Light Realm possessed a strong power and authority in the Eastern Divine Region, and that Shui Meiyin was the Glazed Light Realm King’s most beloved daughter. If I am able to become a son-in-law of the Glazed Light Realm, it would be of great benefit to me in my current situation and in the future.”


 As he looked at the expression on Mu Bingyun’s face, he asked a probing question. “Could it be that there are other reasons besides this one?”


 Mu Bingyun turned her beautiful eyes slightly to look into the distance. “It’s because she has wholeheartedly entrusted something... to the little princess of the Glazed Light Realm.”


 “Wholeheartedly... entrusted?” Yun Che was stunned by those words. “What does that mean?”


 “Back then, in the Eternal Heaven God Realm, the little princess of the Glazed Light Realm has been infatuated with you ever since your duel against her. She clearly possessed an incomparably exalted status and heavenly beauty that captured the attention of the entire world, yet she chose to relentlessly pursue you, someone who had an exceptionally low and inferior status compared to her at that time.”


 “Even after she experienced the three thousand years in the Eternal Heaven Divine Realm, this still hasn’t changed... From start to finish, she has never once cared about your respective positions or statuses, and she has never once cared about what other people thought. She never had any misgivings about her feelings for you or showed any hesitation or reservedness towards you... Rather, she’s always been so forward, brave, and passionate in her approach towards you.”


 “Any onlooker would be able to clearly sense her undisguised feelings for you and you should feel this most clearly and intensely. Even if you were fire and she was ice, I have no doubt that she would be willing to melt into your flames.”


 Yun Che steadily stared at Mu Bingyun. “Palace Master Bingyun, you’re saying all of these things because...”


 “Even though Sect Master has never said it before. I know that...” Mu Bingyun said as her voice gently drifted into Yun Che’s soul as it danced along the wind and snow, “she... really admires her.”


 Yun Che, “...”


 “It’s just that she herself is destined to never be able to do such a thing. So she can only take that small wish of hers and entrust it to another person, just so that she can fulfill... a rather insignificant and petty dream.” Mu Bingyun’s voice grew softer and softer as she said those words.


 She was Mu Xuanyin’s sister and she was the person who was closest to her, in both body and soul, so she was also the one who understood her the most. Mu Xuanyin had never voiced these words and thoughts to her before, and she also could not even do so in the first place, but how could she not have sensed them?


 She did not know whether telling Yun Che these things was a mistake or not. In fact... even she did not understand exactly why she had suddenly chosen to tell him these things.


 “...” Yun Che’s lips parted, his mind suddenly thrown into complete chaos. “Master... she...”


 “Master is it...” Mu Bingyun turned around, her beautiful eyes closed. “I think that she should have told you many times already that she isn’t your master anymore. But it seems like you have never truly understood the true meaning behind those words, or perhaps... you did not dare to believe it.”


 “...” Yun Che’s mind suddenly started buzzing.


 “Given her personality and the things she’s burdened with, it’s destined that she will never be able to proactively take that step forward. So...”


 A soft mournful sigh rang out in the snowy winds and Mu Bingyun’s figure had already vanished in the distance.


 Within that snow-white world, Yun Che stood rooted in place and before he even realized it, his body had already been covered by a thick layer of snow.


 ............


 Shui Qianheng and Shui Meiyin left.


 The reason Shui Qianheng had come was so that he could discuss the exact date of the wedding with Mu Xuanyin... and they still continued to completely disregard Yun Che’s opinion about it.


 When Yun Che entered the Ice Phoenix Sacred Hall again, Mu Xuanyin was already waiting for him. Shui Qianheng’s arrival had convinced Mu Xuanyin that Yun Che’s words were not the least bit exaggerated or erroneous. The Evil Infant, the Devil Emperor, and the devil gods... All three of these things came consecutively and each and every one of them were huge calamities in the eyes of the world, yet all of it was going to be pacified just like that.


 Moreover, all of these calamities had been pacified by Yun Che.


 She stood in front of the window and silently stared at the world outside. She did not turn around because of Yun Che’s arrival and he could not tell what she was thinking about.


 Yun Che arrived behind her and respectfully bowed down like he always had.


 Mu Xuanyin did not ask him about the Devil Emperor or the Evil Infant. Instead, she said in an indifferent voice, “The marriage between you and Shui Meyin has been set at the end of next month. It will be held at the Glazed Light Realm and everything will be arranged by the Glazed Light Realm King, the Snow Song Realm will also provide any necessary assistance. The only thing you need to do is to set aside a few days of your time.”


 “Understood,” Yun Che replied. He had no objections to what she had said... Even though the date of his wedding with Feng Xue’er, a date that his parents had helped him set, was only four days away from that date.


 Sigh! The lives of men were truly busy!


 “Then you may go,” Mu Xuanyin said. “During this period of time, there should be many things that you need to do, so there’s no need for you to stay in the Snow Song Realm.”


 “...” Yun Che stood up, but he did not reply or take his leave.


 “...?” Mu Xuanyin did not turn around but her icy brows knit together slightly.


 Yun Che started to move, but he was moving forward instead of backwards. He and Mu Xuanyin were already in very close proximity to each other, so with two short steps, he was already right behind Mu Xuanyin. After that, he spread his arms wide and enfolded her in a gentle hug.


 “...!!?” Mu Xuanyin’s entire body rapidly stiffened... She forgot to struggle, forgot how to speak, as panic and confusion instantly appeared in her icy eyes.


 Both his hands clasped Mu Xuanyin’s waist and his upper body was tightly pressed against her jade back. Yun Che closed his eyes as he greedily breathed in the scent that belonged to her alone. As he felt that dreamy smell of ice and snow flow straight from his nose to the core of his being, he whispered, “Xuanyin, I’ll be sending off Senior Devil Emperor in a few days, so why don’t you accompany me during that time?”


 He did not call her “Master”, but “Xuanyin”.


 To directly address one’s master by name was truly an outrageous and disgraceful thing to do.


 “...” She still did not struggle free or blast Yun Che away. Instead, Mu Xuanyin simply stood there, rigid and motionless, her chest heaving in an incomparably violent manner. Her vision had gone blurry and she could sense nothing beyond the tight hug and his voice.


 “How about it?” Yun Che asked again. The arms that encircled her waist were slowly and quietly tightening... and even then she still had not pushed him away. Yun Che’s heart and soul fell into a dream-like world, a fantasy that he never wanted to wake up from.


 “Alright...”


 The reply that came from her lips was the haziest and softest sound she had made in her entire life.


 Yun Che gave a faint smile. Her icy and fairy-like body clearly overflowed with the coldest of auras, but right now it caused his body to tremble with an incredibly bizarre and intoxicating sense of warmth.


 “I also want... to bring you to see my parents,” Yun Che said in an even softer voice. “We won’t be in the God Realm there, so you won’t be the Snow Song Realm King or my Master, you will only be you... Is that alright?”


 “...” Mu Xuanyin had not agreed but she had not rejected him either.


 The world descended into a long silence and the two people did not speak but they also did not disentangle their bodies. In an atmosphere that was becoming even more delicate with every passing breath, the entire place seemed to be frozen in time... and it remained like that for a very long time.


 This continued until a certain moment... and then a blast of cold energy suddenly burst out from Mu Xuanyin’s body. As Yun Che could not respond in time, he staggered backwards before his butt fiercely hit the ground.


 A stunned expression appeared on Yun Che’s face and just as he was about to speak, a female figure slowly walked in through the doors of the Sacred Hall.
This creation is firmly rooted in the depths of Nøv€lß¡n★

 The moment Mu Feixue walked in, she saw Yun Che sprawled on the ground in a very clumsy manner and Mu Xuanyin, who was looking out the window with her back facing him. A look of astonishment flashed across her face before she bowed down and said, “This disciple Mu Feixue greets Master. I just received the greetings that more than ten upper star realms sent at the same time, so I came here specially to report this to you.”


 Mu Xuanyin finally glanced to the side before she said in a chilly voice, “Che’er, you may withdraw.”


 “Ah... yes, this disciple will take his leave.” Yun Che hurriedly got to his feet and started to leave... it was just that his footsteps were rather unsteady.


 When he walked past Mu Feixue, she shot him a look, a strange light faintly flashing in her beautiful eyes... For some odd reason, she felt that there was something strange going on.


 The moment he walked out of the Sacred Hall, Yun Che gave a long exhalation as he felt an indescribable feeling of relief course through his entire body.


 “Master,” He Ling’s voice rang in Yun Che’s mind, “you and your master... She... she...”


 She only managed to say that much before she became too timid to continue.


 After following Yun Che back to the God Realm, she had long ago sensed that the relationship between Yun Che and Mu Xuanyin was rather complicated but she had never once dared to think that anything taboo was involved. But today... just now...


 “Ahem.” Yun Che corrected her with an earnest and righteous expression on his face, “He Ling, I was kicked out of the sect the very first day I returned to the Snow Song Realm, so she already stopped being my master a long time ago. So... it’s not a problem if something does happen.”


 “...Master is right,” He Ling said in a very small voice.


 If it were Jasmine, she would have already called him a beast tens of thousands of times by now. Even though...


 “When is Master going to pay a visit to Master Shen Xi? It’s been a long time and I have been plagued by this feeling of unease,” He Ling said.


 Yun Che’s expression turned serious. All of the news he had received regarding Shen Xi was that she was in seclusion. But just like he had told Xia Qingyue, given his “deep” understanding of Shen Xi, just the matter of her going into seclusion was already rather abnormal.


 Shen Xi should have been the one person he did not need to worry about in this universe, but just like He Ling, he also felt a strange sense of unease. Even though it was not an intense feeling, it still did not go away... He had also never forgotten the look the Dragon Monarch had given him in the Eternal Heaven God Realm that day.


 “After we send off the Devil Emperor and bring Jasmine back to the Blue Pole Star, let’s pay a visit to the Dragon God Realm,” Yun Che said as he glanced at Qianye Ying’er.


 He took to the air and traveled towards the north. After that, he passed through the barrier and landed inside the Heavenly Netherfrost Lake.


 “The matter concerning Senior Devil Emperor is the last concern of the Ice Phoenix divine being. Once she knows what the outcome is, she will definitely be very happy.”


 As he mumbled those words to himself, Yun Che leapt into the lake, his body piercing through the waters of the heavenly lake until he reached the bottom. Upon reaching its depths, he followed the azure arc of light and once again stood in front of the Ice Phoenix girl... He knew that this might very well be the last time he did so.

