

Chapter 828 - Eternal Farewell

  

 Space distorted and Jasmine’s silhouette appeared above the Profound Sky Southern Ocean.


 The blue ocean was vast as the sky and Jasmine was s


 till as she floated in the air. Her ice cold heartless eyes were quickly melting... they melted until only a layer of mist, that hindered her vision of the whole world, remained.


 Suddenly, it was... an eternal farewell...


 All of this was too sudden for Yun Che but it was the same for her as well.


 To Yun Che, there was only the heart wrenching pain of separation but to her, there was also indescribable helplessness and pain.


 “This... is good as well...”


 In a world without Yun Che, she muttered softly...


 “The current him... can still grow swiftly without me...”


 “In a few short years... he will be able to exact revenge personally... and fulfill his own wish... there’s no one else in this world that can threaten him... or disobey him...”


 “He will miss me, and might even feel sad... but he has loving parents... so many friends... so many women... In a short while, he will... slowly forget about me...”


 Jasmine slowly closed her eyes, her hands still placed on top of her chest, unable to pull them away... because it was far too suffocating. In her life, this was the third time she felt this way.


 The first was the passing of her mother.


 The second was falling of her brother.


 The third...


 A warm feeling filled the corners of her eyes and mouth at the same time. She instinctively stretched her hand and touched it...


 It was tears at her eyes and blood at the corner of her mouth.


 Because they would never be able to meet ever again.


 Those seven years had been like a dream.


 She slowly pulled her hands together and she muttered while out of sorts, “So, this is my... life’s biggest trial...”


 The sound of the skies shrieking echoed from behind and it was soon followed by the delicate and gentle voice of Moonflower. “Your highness, do you wish to look at the scenery here a bit longer before we leave?”


 “Not interested.” Jasmine’s eyes turned cold instantly. Without even turning back, she glanced at her and said, “Remember what you promised me. Otherwise... I’ll do what I said!”


 “Your highness only knows how to scare this servant.” Moonflower replied half afraid and half begrudgingly, “After this servant brings your highness home, she definitely will not talk about that handsome little brother to my king. If she lies, this servant would let your highness punish her however she wants.”


 “Hmph! Let’s go!”


 Jasmine’s body flashed and she once again disappeared into the air before Moonflower.


 She always had her back facing Moonflower so she did not see the crafty glow that was shining in Moonflower’s eyes as she spoke.


 ——————————————


 The most central hall of Phoenix City had been completely destroyed. This end to the engagement banquet, which gathered all the major sects, powerhouses, imperial families and visiting clans was not something anyone had expected.


 Jasmine had already left but Yun Che still remained standing there. His expression and emotions were a complete mess and his brain seemed to have completely lost all ability to think. In the surroundings, the people who had been swept away by Jasmine all stared at one another. Some of them still had not snapped out of their shock yet because this was a sensation that they had never felt before on their path of profound cultivation.


 “Brother-in-law’s master... is from another world?” Xia Yuanba uttered in shock, “Realm of... the Gods?”


 “The fact that she came from another world was something that we were certain of because in the history books of Profound Sky Continent, there has never been such a level of strength.” Spiritual Master Ancient Blue sighed, “We just did not expect her to actually be from the legendary God Realm... No wonder she had such frightening strength.”


 “God Realm?” Xia Yuanba turned and looked at his master, “Is that the ‘Realm of the Gods’ she and Brother-in-law mentioned? Does Master know that place?”


 Spiritual Master Ancient Blue shook his head, “The universe is boundless and endless. Our world is but one of the many. In the legends, if one was able to breakthrough the Sovereign Profound Realm and enter the Divine Profound Realm, he would be on the brink of godhood. At that time, one’s spiritual senses would transcend the continent and one would be able to sense the existence of another world. In the ancient legends, the highest of worlds in the universe was named the God Realm. Old Man Duotian who disappeared thousands of years ago was said to have ascended to the God Realm after breaking through and attaining godhood.”


 “The so-called ‘ascension’ of Old Man Duotian might have been a fake legend. However, the name ‘Realm of the Gods’ has been recorded in several ancient books and today, hearing this name from Yun Che’s master who came from another world... It looks like the ‘Realm of the Gods’ recorded in books does truly exist.”


 “Ahhh...” Xia Yuanba’s mouth was agape as he muttered, “Brother-in-law said that his master was younger than little sister Xue’er, yet she’s so strong. The strange woman that appeared just now looked like she was stronger than Brother-in-law’s master. That God Realm... just what kind of a scary place is that?”


 “That is a level that we could never comprehend. After all, being able to personally witness a being from the legendary God Realm, our lives haven’t been in vain. However...”


 Spiritual Master Ancient Blue looked at the surroundings silently. The shock on the faces of the people from Absolute Monarch Sanctuary had not yet dissipated. Supreme Ocean Palace, who had just lost three Venerable Ones, were in a mix of shock and sadness. As for Sun Moon Divine Hall as well as Xuanyuan Wentian and his son, they all stared firmly at Yun Che while their expressions changed continuously.


 “Hearing their last exchange, after she leaves, she will probably not return any more.” Spiritual Master Ancient Blue sighed, “Yuanba, you should understand that although this was only an engagement banquet, it was so grand... this was not because of Yun Che nor was it because of Divine Phoenix Sect but actually because of Yun Che’s master. Now that Yun Che’s master has left in front of everyone, Yun Che’s predicament... sigh.”


 Xia Yuanba instantly recovered from his sudden shock.


 No one dared to bring up Yun Che’s identity, because of his master. The fact that he possessed the Mirror of Samsara was already known to the world and no one dared to snatch it only because of his master. Now that his master had left... it also meant that the obstacle that was shielding him, preventing the Four Great Sacred Grounds from taking action against him had disappeared.


 Other than that, Mighty Heavenly Sword Region’s three dead attendants, the destruction of the northern region, the humiliation suffered by Ye Meixie and Qu Fengyi... they did not dare to take revenge on Yun Che’s master, but it was highly likely they would exact revenge and vent their frustrations on Yun Che!!


 “I don’t believe...” Yun Che muttered to himself, “You obviously didn’t want to leave. I don’t believe that you do not wish to see me again... I don’t believe...”


 “Big Brother Yun...”


 Feng Xue’er hurried over to Yun Che’s side. She could feel Yun Che’s sadness and disappointment as she gently consoled, “Although I do not know what happened... that day that Supreme Ocean Palace, she worked so hard to protect you, so I believe that you and your master will definitely reunite one day.”


 Yun Che gently lifted his head and smiled, “Xue’er, you’re right. I know how kindly she treated me all those years perfectly well. Her last words must be because she was afraid I would get into danger finding her... After all, I have already been scolded by her several times in the past because of such matters.”


 “Mn!” Feng Xue’er nodded strongly.


 “Brother-in-law!” Xia Yuanba hurried over and said in a suppressed voice, “You must be careful. Now that your master is no longer here, I’m afraid Xuanyuan Wentian and the others might...”


 “I know.” Yun Che was extremely calm and did not look one bit shocked, “However don’t worry, they won’t do anything now. There’s so many people here, they would definitely consider their reputation. Even if they were to take action against me, it would be when everyone has left.


 “Yuanba, don’t worry about me.” Yun Che suppressed his emotions and revealed a slight smile on his face, “Don’t forget, I have the Primordial Profound Ark. If i want to leave, even ten Xuanyuan Wentian’s would not be able to do anything to me. After this, I will bring Xue’er and leave... it looks like I can only temporarily return to the Illusory Demon Realm.”


 Hearing what Yun Che said, Xia Yuanba was relieved.


 On the other side, looking at Yun Che standing together with Feng Xue’er, Feng Hengkong’s emotions had completely flipped from before the banquet. He sighed heavily, “Such matters happening and of all days today... this is disastrous.”


 All of the Divine Phoenix Sect disciples and elders including Feng Tianwei and Feng Zukui were dumbfounded.


 Yun Che’s master had so suddenly left and would never return again. Yun Che had lost his massive backing... and Divine Phoenix Sect organizing such a grand banquet was only to inform the world that they had a massive backing that no one could offend.


 However, even before the banquet had finished, all of these had suddenly burst like bubbles...


 When Xuanyuan Wendao entered Phoenix City, there was no sense of arrogance from him. He who usually looked at the Divine Phoenix Sect Master with disdain was now treating him courteously and respectfully. In order the quell Yun Che’s anger, he had lowered his head and stepped his pride beneath his feet... However, seeing how everything ended, when he looked at Yun Che’s back now, his eyes and aura had all completely changed. The hatred and grievances that he had suppressed firmly in his heart had exploded like a wild beast and it caused his body to tremble uncontrollably.


 “Father...”


 Xuanyuan Wentian raised his hand and gave him an alerting glance before walking beside Feng Hengkong. He stated indifferently, “No one could have expected that a perfect wedding would turn into such a mess. Phoenix Sect Master attaining a good son-in-law but the son-in-law’s master has flown away... such a pity.”


 Feng Hengkong felt his chest clench. Recalling a few hours back, when Xuanyuan Wentian arrived, he had brought gifts and even personally handed them over. He even bowed and asked in order for Xuanyuan Wendao to meet Yun Che... Now, when Xuanyuan Wentian spoke, it was obvious that he was speaking with a tone as though he was someone who was higher ranked and even a fool could hear the sarcasm in his words.


 “Hoho,” Feng Hengkong laughed helplessly. “Ah, such matters are unpredictable but they have spoiled the mood of our distinguished guests.”


 “That’s not the case. After all, this was not the intention of Divine Phoenix Sect right?” Xuanyuan Wentian replied with a smile before turning around. “A complete Phoenix City being destroyed. Looks like Divine Phoenix Sect Master will need to take some time to clean up this mess. Since that’s the case, we shall not stay here and be a nuisance.”


 “Wendao, let’s go.”
Ñøv€l--ß1n hosted the premiere release of this chapter.

 Even before he finished speaking, Xuanyuan Wentian had already leapt into the sky and flown into the distance without looking back. Xuanyuan Wendao’s face twitched and convulsed as he stared ferociously at Yun Che before immediately catching up.


 Xuanyuan Wentian leaving so coldly obviously meant that he did not bother saving face for Divine Phoenix Sect. However, those powerhouses from the six nations did not dare question it. Furthermore, a sly glint flashed past the eyes of the other three Sacred Masters almost simultaneously.

