

Chapter 1177 - Returning to Eternal Heaven Again

  

 The first wave of the core medicinal power of the Universe Penta Jade Pellet was refined in the short period of four to six hours. No unexpected accidents happened during the process, either. Yun Che was feeling such a comfortable feeling that he had no way to describe it this whole time. It was as if his body was floating high in the clouds or wandering in a dream.


 As the medicinal power had been refined, the Universe Penta Jade Pellet also stopped acting violently for the time being. That dreamy, mysterious cold aura had also fused with his body on its own at some point in time, and even the injuries inside and outside his body had healed completely.


 Yun Che concentrated his mind again, and began to stabilize and consolidate the newly born energy.


 But, this calm situation didn’t last for long. The second wave of the core medicinal power of the Universe Penta Jade Pellet was unleashed all of a sudden. Although it was slightly weaker than the previous time, it was still powerful enough to immediately send Yun Che down into the depths of the abyss.


 However, this time Yun Che didn’t have to struggle as earlier. That soft and mysterious aura once again surged in his body, and like a light and gentle spring shower, moistened his entire body, before soundlessly fusing with his physique and energy again. Then both of them jointly suppressed and refined this new medicinal power.


 The majority of Universe Penta Jade Pellet’s medicinal power was concealed at its core. Wave after wave of medicinal power erupted in succession, and got refined by Yun Che over and over again. Every time Yun Che found himself unable to withstand the eruption of the medicinal power, that dreamy, ice cold aura would promptly surge in his body.


 After this process repeated dozens of times, the medicinal power flowing out of the Universe Penta Jade Pellet had become quite weak, and the dreamy aura surging in his body every time to assist in suppressing and refining the medicinal power was also becoming weaker.


 An unknown period of time had passed so far. Perhaps, a few days, a few months, or even a few years... When this cycle of refining the medicinal power hit the hundredth time, the Universe Penta Jade Pellet had finally unleashed all of its medicinal power. Afterward, the five-colored, unusual light that had kept Yun Che enveloped within it during this entire period, disappeared completely without a trace, too.


 Yun Che was now able to feel relaxed in his mind, which surprisingly didn’t feel any sort of exhaustion at all. On the contrary, his mind was unprecedentedly sober and calm.


 Yun Che didn’t choose to sense his current profound energy, and instead released his sealed senses and quietly opened his eyes... The time wheel barrier still existed, which proved that he had spent less than “a month” inside. However, Mu Xuanyin, the only other person who was present in the barrier together with him, was nowhere to be seen. There were no traces of her aura in the surroundings, either.


 It was at this time that a slight phoenix cry came from the depths of his soul all of a sudden.


 The strand of divine soul that the ice phoenix girl had bestowed him was glittering with an ice cold light inside his soul.


 Mu Xuanyin had once told him that the Divine Tribulation Realm was the most special realm of the divine way. It only had nine small realms, no qualitative change would happen, and it simply raised the profound strength of a profound practitioner. Therefore, the Divine Tribulation Realm was the most suitable realm to “forcibly increase” profound strength. Not only was it easier and most fitting to do so in this realm, one could obtain the boost in their strength while facing the least side-effects possible.


 It was also one of the reasons that Mu Xuanyin didn’t let Yun Che to take the Universe Penta Jade Pellet when he was at the Divine Soul Realm.


 Concentrating his mind, Yun Che attempted to make contact with that strand of the ice phoenix divine soul. The energy attached to the soul was incomparably powerful in his eyes, and could dramatically amplify his profound strength once again.


 ............


 Eternal Heaven Realm, Conferred God Stage, Third day of the Conferred God Battle.


 In the Conferred God Battle the day before, eight people from the Conferred Gods Group were defeated and fell into the Losers Group. On the other hand, eight people were eliminated from the Losers Group.


 Today, only the battles of the Losers Group were to be held, a total of eight battles, and eight people would be getting eliminated from the Conferred God Stage.


 In other words, only sixteen people would be left on the Conferred God Stage after the battles today. Those who could make their way into the top sixteen would attain enough glory to shine throughout their lives.


 The remaining eight people of the Conferred Gods Group, would even become the focus of attention for the whole Eastern Divine Region.


 The sky had just brightened but the seats assigned to the thousands of star realms at the Conferred God Stage were completely filled with people. Those who lost in the Conferred Gods Group battles could still get a lifeline, but once someone lost in the Losers Group, they would be directly eliminated, with no opportunity to make a comeback. Therefore, the competition of the Losers Group made people even more tense and anxious.


 However, although there were eight battles planned to be held today, everyone was expecting for only six of them to actually take place.


 On the screen of light at the Conferred God Stage, the match-up list of today’s battles had been caved.


 Battle 1: Snow Song Realm 【Yun Che】—— VS —— Holy Eaves Realm【Luo Changan】


 Battle 2: Divine Martial Realm 【Wu Guike】—— VS —— Thunderclap Realm【Li Jianming】


 ............


 “This Luo Changan is so lucky. His strength is at the bottom level, but his opponent in the first battle turned out to be Yun Che, and so he got a free ticket to the Conferred Gods Group. Yesterday, he lost to Huo Poyun of the Flame God Realm in the fight between the members of the Conferred Gods Group. But who could have expected that his opponent in the first battle of the Losers Group would actually be Yun Che again... Looks like he will be getting a spot in the top sixteen, huh.”


 “He could still come across Yun Che because the latter didn’t have to fight yesterday. Otherwise, how was it possible for him to face such a weak opponent at this stage of the competition? The guy who most deserves to get lost from here actually won without fighting anyone, and hence, managed to be in the competition until now. I truly feel it’s unfair for those Conferred God Candidates who got eliminated after putting up a hard fight.”
Unearth this data, retracing it to the very heart of Nøv€lß¡n★

 “Yun Che didn’t come to the Conferred God Stage yesterday, and I heard that someone saw him leaving the Eternal Heaven Realm dejectedly and all alone. He has very likely fled back to the Snow Song Realm.”


 “It seems that he also doesn’t want to be continuously disgraced in front of others... Meh! Fleeing back like this is even more disgraceful. It is said that he is even the direct disciple of the Snow Song Realm King. Isn’t him doing so a matter of disgrace for the whole Snow Song Realm? If this king had this sort of direct disciple, I’d have immediately killed him with a strike of my palm!”


 The people of the Snow Song Realm and the Flame God Realm were already present in the seating area. They could hear all kinds of ear-piercing voices in discussion.


 Mu Bingyun remained silent all along, and Mu Huanzhi and the rest were feeling very uncomfortable, as if they were sitting on pins and needles. They regretted showing up here. On the side of the Flame God Realm, Yan Juehai and Huo Rulie were sighing in their hearts. Several times Huo Poyun wanted to inquire about Yun Che, but was finally unable to voice his thoughts.


 The competition was about to start. As the barrier covered the Conferred God Stage, Honorable Qu Hui’s figure floated up in the air. The Conferred God Battle today had also finally begun.


 “Today, the second round of the Losers Group will be held. The winners will get to enter the third round of the Losers Group tomorrow, and will also ascend to the ranks of top sixteen. The losers will face the end of their journey at the Profound God Convention!”


 “We will now have the first battle of the second round of Losers Group. Yun Che of the Snow Song Realm and Luo Changan of the Holy Eaves Realm, quickly get on the Conferred God Stage!”


 The moment Honorable Qu Hui finished his words, Luo Changan’s body drifted through the air, and landed at the center of the Conferred God Stage in an incomparably confident and carefree manner. His gaze shot straight to the seating area of the Snow Song Realm, as the corners of his mouth raised into a carefree smile.


 There wasn’t even the shadow of Yun Che in the Snow Song Realm’s seating area.


 Following his gaze, the gazes of all the people also swept across the seating area of the Snow Song Realm. Half of them had looks of contempt, and the other half had mocking expressions. There were even some who were shaking their heads while sighing inwardly, as if they were feeling second-hand shame for the Snow Song Realm. With countless gazes looking at them, the people of Snow Song Realm didn’t dare to raise their heads while feeling restless.


 “This boy didn’t truly run away in fear, right?” Huo Rulie shook his head. He let out a heavy sigh with a gloomy and disappointed look on his whole face.


 Although Yun Che had directly conceded in his first battle on the first day of the Conferred God Battle, he was at least present at the site of competition, and had personally declared that he would be abandoning the battle... After all, he had no chance of victory, given his strength. Even if admitting defeat right away was an act of losing dignity as a profound practitioner, it could still be overlooked.


 Yesterday, he didn’t have any opponent to fight in the first round of the Losers Group, and was directly promoted to the next round. So, even if he was absent from the place, no one said anything about it.


 But in case he didn’t come today... if he had truly fled back to the Snow Song Realm, there would truly be no reason for others to not look down upon him.


 A long while had passed since Honorable Qu Hui had finished his words, but it was only Luo Changan alone who was standing on the stage. As even the shadow of Yun Che could not be seen in the seating area, it was obvious that he was not present at the place. The outcome of the battle in such a situation was evident to all.


 “Sigh, he passed the three rounds of preliminaries by cheating, but the Eternal Heaven Realm had shown unimaginably great magnanimity and still allowed him to enter the Conferred God Battle. But in the end... Meh!”


 “This absolutely will be recorded as a shameful event in the history of the Profound God Convention.”


 “Yun Che has run away, so Honorable Qu Hui doesn’t need to waste time waiting for him. Just announce the result of the battle. Trash such as him entering the distinguished Conferred God Battle ruins the whole Conferred God Convention.”


 Honorable Qu Hui had an indifferent look in his eyes, no expression on his face. According to the rules of the Conferred God Stage, if a contestant didn’t get on the Conferred God Stage in fifteen breaths’ time, he would be declared the loser. Although Yun Che wasn’t even present at the place, let alone the Conferred God Battle, and it was easy to make out the result of this battle, it was due to Honorable Qu Hui’s nature that he still waited for him rigorously for fifteen breaths’ time before announcing the result.


 It was at this time that the Eternal Heaven God Emperor instructed from the eastern seating area, “Qu Hui, just announce the result. The Profound God Convention doesn’t need to waste its time on such a coward, who doesn’t have the slightest concern for the dignity of the profound way.”


 Honorable Qu Hui nodded his head. He announced in a heavy voice, without even bothering to mention the name of Yun Che, “In the first battle of the second round of Losers Group, Luo Changan has... Oh?”


 Just when he was about to say the word “won,” Honorable Qu Hui suddenly raised his brows. He turned his head around to look at the sky above, and the gazes of the majority of the people present also shifted in that direction.


 An ice ark was speedily flying over from the east, like starlight traversing the sky, and arrived at the sky above the Conferred God Stage in an instant. A human figure directly dropped down from the ice ark, and landed in front of Luo Changan. After which, the ice ark disappeared too.


 “Yun Che!” All the people from the Snow Song Realm cried in surprise.


 “Finally here...” Mu Bingyun let out a long sigh of relief, as the expression on her face eased up.


 “Phew! I knew that this boy wasn’t the type of person who would flee without putting up a fight.” Huo Rulie let out a big breath in relief. Afterwards, he roared, “Young Yun, it’s good that you’re here! Even if we clearly know that we’re no match for our opponents, we should still fight to our best ability before suffering defeat... Hmm?”


 Huo Rulie raised his brows all of a sudden, as he felt something odd. After looking fixedly at Yun Che for a moment, he immediately widened his eyes, and revealed an expression of disbelief.


 Yun Che had changed his clothes to the snow white dress of the Ice Phoenix Sect. Both of his hands were behind his back and his head was slightly raised upward. His eye looked like still water, and he had an indistinct smile on his face. The place where he had landed... was less than ten steps away from Luo Changan, who was standing before him.


 Honorable Qu Hui gave him a sideways glance, as his brows also moved clearly. In the seating area, all the star gods and other experts had surprised looks on their faces too, and even each of the great god emperors at the eastern seating area, had unusual expressions in their eyes.


 They were not surprised at the sudden arrival of Yun Che.


 They were surprised because the aura of his profound strength had... completely changed!


 It was known to all that his profound strength was clearly just at the first level of the Divine Tribulation Realm the day before yesterday.


 But, the Yun Che in front of their eyes right now, obviously had a profound aura of the eighth level of the Divine Tribulation Realm fluctuating across his body!


 They once again confirmed their assessment and found that his profound aura was truly that of the eighth level of the Divine Tribulation Realm, without a doubt!


 In just that in the very short time of less than two days... his cultivation had increased by as much as seven small realms!


 “Eight level... of the Divine Tribulation Realm? Is... Is he the same Yun Che?” Mu Huanzhi opened his mouth wide, not daring to believe his spirit sense.


 A deep look of disbelief surfaced in Mu Bingyun’s eyes, too.


 Mu Bingyun was also aware that Yun Che had swallowed the “Universe Penta Jade Pellet. Moreover, she had also assisted Mu Xuanyin in successfully fusing the five materials with each other. She knew that as the materials used to make the “Universe Penta Jade Pellet” were special, its medicinal power would have far greater effect than was mentioned in the records.


 An ordinary Universe Penta Jade Pellet only had enough energy to forcibly raise the cultivation of a profound practitioner at the Divine Origin Realm up to the Divine Tribulation Realm. However, enormous energy was required to raise the cultivation by a small realm in the Divine Tribulation Realm, which was naturally far incomparable to doing the same in Divine Origin or Divine Soul Realm. Mu Xuanyin had personally said that... even if this Universe Penta Jade Pellet had extremely strong medicinal power, if Yun Che refined it after reaching the Divine Tribulation Realm, given his special profound veins, he would be able to increase his cultivation by around three small realms, with an increase of four small realms being the utmost limit.


 She was well aware that Yun Che’s objective behind returning to the Snow Song Realm was certainly to look for this Universe Penta Jade Pellet.


 However, an increase of as much as seven whole realms really made her jump in fright.

