

Chapter 1198 - Overnight Celebrity

 Chapter 1198 - Overnight Celebrity


 “I don’t deserve victory.”


 To think that such words would be uttered by a God Child of the Eastern Region in front of so many people. The people were definitely surprised, but they suddenly realized that they weren’t puzzled by his reaction. On the contrary, his words sparked a strange resonance in their hearts.


 “Sect master, the young master is...” a Shrouding Sky Realm elder spoke up urgently.


 However, the Shrouding Sky Realm King raised a hand and stopped him from continuing any further. His gaze was surprisingly approving.


 Honorable Qu Hui wrinkled his eyebrows and asked again, “Lu Lengchuan, this is your last warning...”


 “I surrender!” Lu Lengchuan declared before Honorable Qu Hui could finish his question. This time, the words were spoken even more unhesitatingly than before.


 Yun Che, “...”


 Honorable Qu Hui stopped trying and declared immediately, “Lu Lengchuan surrenders the Conferred God Battle!”


 “Yun Che wins and will enter the sixth Loser’s Group battle tomorrow!”


 There was a short silence, and the spectator’s stand erupted into thunderous applause and earthshaking cheers.


 Lu Lengchuan was victorious, but had surrendered the battle willingly. Normally, his actions would be booed especially considering that he was fighting on the Conferred God Stage, but the applause and cheers kept going on and on like a tidal wave. Countless profound practitioners were standing or even flying in the air. As it turned out, the reception of this battle far exceeded the one between Luo Changsheng and Jun Xilei.


 Yun Che looked up and surveyed his surroundings slowly... I didn’t realize there were so many people who wanted me to win.


 If someone were to recall the battle, they would realize that it was nearly a one man show by Yun Che. Again and again he had shaken every profound pratitioner’s eyeballs, heart, and soul. Again and again he had created miracles right before their eyes.


 Although Lu Lengchuan was one of the famous four God Children of the Eastern Region, Yun Che was the one who pulled at their heartstrings from the beginning to the end. His performance today was as bright as the Golden Crow flames he ignited, whereas Lu Lengchuan was really just a foil that added to his brilliance.
The origin of this chapter's debut can be traced to N0v3l--B1n.

 This was Yun Che’s battle.This was a miraculous battle that belonged to the Eastern Divine Region alone.


 Yun Che deserved to win... he deserved to win far more than Lu Lengchuan ever would in this particular battle! Since the moment Yun Che summoned his Manifest God and challenged Lu Lengchuan with all three layers of his barriers active, nearly every spectator, including a large majority of the Shrouding Sky Realm disciples, had come to root for Yun Che.


 That was why the spectators were unusually silent when the golden crow flames died, and Lu Lengchuan got back onto his feet. That was why they were all looking dissatisfied and reluctant until just now. When Honorable Qu Hui declared Yun Che’s victory, the cheers were so loud that it was as if thunder had descended from the Ninth Heaven.


 It was clear from this huge discrepancy who was the true victor of this battle.


 “Yun Che!”


 “Hahahaha... well done boy!!”


 The Snow Song Realm’s elders and disciples could no longer rein in their excitement or tears. They were so excited that they forgot Eternal Heaven Realm’s renown and charged onto the Conferred God Stage, surrounding Yun Che. If the young man wasn’t grievously wounded, they would’ve tossed him into the air in celebration.


 “Junior Brother Yun, you are... the pride of Snow Song Realm!” an elder disciple said tearfully and tremblingly.


 “Well done, Yun Che! Divine Ice Phoenix Sect... no, the entire Snow Song Realm is proud of you! Well done!” Mu Huanzhi was so excited that his beard was flying all over the place. When he remembered that his granddaughter had the fortune to become his dual cultivation incubator, he couldn’t help but laugh from the bottom of his heart.


 “Yun Che, you’ve actually beaten one of the four God Children! Your name is going to spread throughout the Eastern Divine Region!”


 “Hahahaha, let’s see who else dares question the sect master’s decision to take Yun Che in as her direct disciple... Yun Che, you may... no! You’ll definitely surpass the sect master in the future! You won’t just be the pride of Snow Song Realm today, you’ll definitely bring prosperity and honor to the Snow Song Realm in the future as well!”


 “Back down, please.” Mu Bingyun walked forwards and isolated the crowd from Yun Che. “Yun Che is seriously wounded, and he has used up all of his profound energy. Watch yourselves and make sure you don’t accidentally hurt him.”


 She then put a hand on Yun Che’s chest and injected a gentle wave of frost energy straight into his body.


 Yun Che smiled, “It’s okay, I’m fine.”


 “All five of your viscera have fallen apart! There’s nothing fine about that at all!” Mu Bingyun frowned and scolded him slightly.


 Yun Che continued to smile at her. “This really is not a problem for me.”


 Although the battle was already over, the crowd’s presence on the stage was still impudent to say the least. However, Honorable Qu Hui didn’t chase them off the stage despite wearing a frown. Instead, he stared at Yun Che with complicated feelings for a very long time.


 Every Flame God Realm member—especially those who belonged to the Golden Crow Sect—was flushed red with passion.


 They were excited because Yun Che had used the golden crow flames to beat Lu Lengchuan!


 From this day onwards, Yun Che’s name would resound throughout the world. The golden crow flames would become a deep memory in every profound practitioner’s mind once more.


 They could imagine how much better they would be treated in the future when they revealed themselves to be Golden Crow Sect members in the future.


 On the other side, the Shrouding Sky Realm King stood up and walked towards Lu Lengchuan. Although Lu Lengchuan lost the battle and became the only God Child who failed to become a top six fighter in the Conferred God Battle, the realm king didn’t blame him in the slightest. On the contrary, he gave his son a heavy slap on the shoulder and laughed loudly, “You’ve made the absolute best decision. You truly are my son, hahahaha.”


 Meanwhile, earthshaking roars were exploding from every region and corner of the Snow Song Realm and Flame God Realm. The shouts were so great that both star realms were literally shaking.


 “Yun Che won! Our Yun Che won the Conferred God Battle! Top six... top six!!”


 “To think that he’s one of us and our realm king’s disciple... I’m not dreaming, am I?”


 “Since Yun Che beat one of the four God Children of the Eastern Region, does that mean that Yun Che will replace Lu Lengchuan and become the new God Child?”


 “Of course he will!!”


 “Waaah! First he whipped the son of the Holy Eaves Realm King, then he crushed the son of the Divine Martial Realm King... who cares if they’re the top geniuses of upper star realms? They’re all losers under his feet! Now he’s even beaten a God Child... Ooo... he’s one of us... I’m so glad I was born in Snow Song Realm...”


 Although Yun Che’s complete victory over Luo Changan and Wu Guike had also started a loud commotion, they were utterly incomparable to the noise generated by this new victory.


 It was true that Lu Lengchuan was the one who had surrendered willingly, but Yun Che still would’ve been the victor in the people’s hearts even if he hadn’t done so. Their cheers were reserved for Yun Che only.


 The four battles today had ended in an absolutely gorgeous manner.


 The two fights that would happen during the sixth Losers Group battle that would be fought tomorrow and the battle ranking list were displayed on the screen.


 First battle: Flying Star Realm’s Meng Duanxi versus Jasper Heart Sword Pavilion’s Jun Xilei.


 Second battle: Glazed Light Realm’s Shui Meiyin versus Snow Song Realm’s Yun Che.


 After the battle ended, just before the spectators left, nearly everyone at the Conferred God Stage, the God Emperors, Star Gods, Moon Gods, Guardians, Realm Kings, elders and young profound practitioners had glanced at Yun Che at least one time.


 Before they knew it, Yun Che had become the absolute center of attention of this Conferred God Battle.


 Mu Bingyun waited until Yun Che’s wounds had sufficiently stabilized before she led him away.


 “I wonder if your master would be happy or furious after seeing your match today,” Mu Bingyun whispered. Even she couldn’t believe that Yun Che had actually taken out Lu Lengchuan.


 He had fought Lu Lengchuan head on... stunned every Divine Master out there with his Manifest God... and conjured a Nine Suns Heaven’s Fury that looked like a falling sun...


 She would never have imagined that the man she took back to the Snow Song Realm, as repayment for saving her life, would rock the entire Eastern Divine Region with his feats on the Conferred God Stage in just three years.


 “Master... probably can’t bear to get angry with me even if she wanted to,” Yun Che replied softly.


 Mu Bingyun, “...”


 They fell silent for a very long time. The atmosphere between Mu Bingyun and Yun Che instantly grew awkward.


 A group of people happened to pass by them at this very moment. When Yun Che subconsciously turned his head to see who it was, he came eye to eye with Lu Lengchuan.


 Yun Che and Lu Lengchuan stopped in their tracks at nearly the same time.


 Mu Bingyun glanced sideways before saying, “He’s the one who gave you your victory. Go thank him.”


 Yun Che nodded and flew towards Lu Lengchuan. Lu Lengchuan sent his people away before flying towards Yun Che too.


 “Brother Yun, you seem to be... fine?” Lu Lengchuan looked very surprised when he saw Yun Che’s condition. It wasn’t obvious because he had changed into a new set of clothes, but there were still burn marks all over Lu Lengchuan’s body. Even with his cultivation level, it would take him quite a bit of time before he could recover fully.


 “I’m fine now.” Yun Che answered before thanking him sincerely, “Brother Lengchuan, this victory is very important to me. I thank you very much for your aid.”


 “You don’t have to thank me.” Lu Lengchuan shook his head. “I’ve cultivated almost twice as long as you have, and you’re only in the Divine Tribulation Realm. However, your bloodline, elemental power, power of comprehesion and potential... you’ve surpassed me in nearly every way. I simply don’t deserve to win.”


 Yun Che, “...”


 “You deserve this victory. You deserve to stand on the Conferred God Stage far more than I do.” Lu Lengchuan smiled. “I’m certain that everyone—even me—is looking forward to your next match, not mine.”


 “That is why I accept this loss wholeheartedly. I would only feel uncomfortable had I claimed this victory by force, and I’m certain that no one would cheer for me.”


 Yun Che smiled. “You’re the one who gave me the victory, but here you are trying to console me. You truly are a rare character, Brother Lengchuan.”


 “Hahaha, ‘rare’ characters like me can be found everywhere, but people like you can’t be found even after one million years, I suspect.” Lu Lengchuan laughed loudly. Suddenly, he narrowed his eyes and said seriously, “I’m not sure if your technique is the God Manifestation Art my father spoke of, but I do know that I would’ve lost much sooner if you had used it from the beginning.”


 Yun Che. “...”


 “You were planning to save this trump card for another time, weren’t you? Your goal in this Conferred God Battle is farther than it appears... are you aiming for Luo Changsheng, for example?”


 “...” Yun Che didn’t deny it. He slowly nodded.


 “I thought so.” Lu Lenghchuan raised his eyebrows and looked like he wanted to say something.


 “How do you compare to Jun Xilei, Brother Lengchuan?” Yun Che asked.


 Lu Lengchuan said slowly and heavy heartedly without any hesitation. “I’m far beneath her.”


 The word “far” was emphasized quite strongly.


 Yun Che’s chest heaved once before he let out a sigh. “I guess it’s impossible for me to beat Jun Xilei as she is... much less Luo Changsheng.”


 “Jun Xilei is Senior Sword Sovereign’s only successor, and there’s nothing ordinary about her. As for Luo Changsheng, everyone knows that he’s a real monster. Maybe if you had a couple more years, you’d be able to fight them evenly or even surpass them...” Lu Lengchuan obviously thought very highly of Yun Che, but his tone took a sharp turn as he said, “But as of now, there’s no way you’re a match for either one of them.”


 Lu Lengchuan just fought Yun Che on the Conferred God Stage, so no one knew about Yun Che’s limits better than him right now. That was why he sounded so certain.


 Yun Che immediately fell silent.


 “Jun Xilei will definitely beat Meng Duanxi. If you can win your match tomorrow, your next opponent will definitely be Jun Xilei.”


 “However...” Lu Lengchuan’s face grew even more serious. “You absolutely mustn’t underestimate Shui Meiyin either. Meng Duanxi had proven his strength by entering the top six, but he could do nothing against Shui Meiyin at all... In fact, Shui Meiyin is much scarier than Jun Xilei in certain areas!”

