

Chapter 840 - Merciless Flames of Anger

  

 “Let’s go,” Huangji Wuyu muttered in a low voice before adding, “Don’t hold back.”


 Huangji Wuyu attacked first, the front of his long sleeve flapping slightly as an imposing aura that could shake the heavens pressed down from above. In an instant, the Little Demon Empress’ spiritual pressure from the flames had been negated and the area of several hundred meters that had Little Demon Empress at its core hastily shrunk.


 This Sacred Master of the Absolute Monarch Sanctuary was the head of the Four Sacred Masters who were regarded as divine beings within the Profound Sky Continent and he had not used his full strength for many years already.


 However, he had not held back in the least when he launched his first attack against the Little Demon Empress.


 This was simply spatial interference that was performed by relying on an intensely strong profound energy and it was the highest level of spatial ability that could be achieved within Profound Sky Continent. In the current the Profound Sky Continent, the only person that could achieve such a level of spatial interference by relying on merely one’s own profound energy this was Huangji Wuyu. The completely distorted space was strong enough to instantly shred a low to middle level Monarch into pieces.


 Space twisted and contorted in such a shocking manner that it looked like a wave that was tossing and turning violently in the ocean. However, the figure of the Little Demon Empress, who stood in the center, did not twist or turn in the slightest. Icy-cold bone-chilling killing intent shot past the rippling and twisting space to firmly lock onto the three Sacred Masters, without even weakening one bit.


 Booom!!!


 The Little Demon Empress’ palm thrust out and a “Burning Sun Rupture” immediately exploded in the distorted space. An eye-catching golden light illuminated the heavens and earth in that instant. Immediately, the space that had been shrinking started to expand ferociously yet again. Following an extremely sharp noise, three hundred meters of space instantly exploded as countless spatial shards shot towards Huangji Wuyu like needles... and behind the spatial shards were comet-like Golden Crow flames.


 “Powerful indeed.” Huangji Wuyu muttered, not too surprised that his spatial suppression had been instantly broken. A white light flashed in his hands and a grayish white wide ruler appeared in them. The ruler was one and a half meters long but in an instant, it grew to three meters long... This wide ruler was known as the “Primal Chaos Heavenly Ruler” and was considered the top among the Profound Sky Top Ten Tyrant Profound Artifacts. Not only was it the most sacred object within Absolute Monarch Sanctuary, it was also said to be a divine object that the heavens granted Absolute Monarch Sanctuary. It looked ordinary and normal but possessed divine might that could split mountains.


 Seeing Huangji Wuyu take out the Primal Chaos Heavenly Ruler, Qu Fengyi and Ye Meixie who had originally advanced to attack abruptly slowed down and even retreated a few steps backwards.


 Huangji Wuyu’s face was calm as water. The Primal Chaos Heavenly Ruler casually drew a line in the air, looking as if it was going to forcefully smash those golden flames apart... In an instant, a dreadful aura descended from above. This aura was deep and boundless, bringing along an indescribably enormous pressure. As the body of the ruler moved through the air, the spatial shards that were flying towards Huangji Wuyu were wrenched out of their trajectory before they could even draw near. Then, they completely disappeared.


 Even the intense Golden Crow flames abruptly slowed down before colliding with the Primal Chaos Heavenly Ruler without much force.


 Huangji Wuyu gave a casual twist of his wrist, intending to completely shatter those golden flames. But at that moment, his expression, which was as placid and calm as a gentle wind, suddenly underwent a slight change.


 “Hmmm?”


 When these golden flames came into contact with the Primal Chaos Heavenly Ruler, they did not explode. Instead they suddenly latched onto the ruler like a striking serpent, instantly turning the Primal Chaos Heavenly Ruler into a flaming ruler. Huangji Wuyu was stunned by this turn of events but he did not panic as a profound energy that was as deep and thick as a mountain explosively surged forth, pouring into the Primal Chaos Heavenly Ruler... Immediately, the power of those golden flames weakened. But they grew even more ferocious in the next instant, causing the power that had surged into the Primal Chaos Heavenly Ruler to weaken at an extremely fast rate. The golden flames that followed closely behind suddenly rushed forward amidst Huangji Wuyu’s shock and amazement, smashing into the profound energy that protected him.


 Boom!


 A dull noise rang out as the golden flames, which smoldered with the divine might of the Golden Crow, finally exploded. It was also in this instant that Huangji Wuyu finally understood why Qu Fengyi had been rendered so helpless and pathetic in front of these golden-colored flames. When the flames had grown large in his eyes and enveloped him, he felt a spiritual pressure from this flame that he had never felt from any other flame. Under the spiritual pressure of these flames, he felt his heart and soul instantly convulse as an instance of fear was birthed in his heart. The scorching heat which accompanied these flames was even more terrifying, making him feel like he had entered purgatory before the flames had even drawn close.


 “Imperial Heavenly Origin Cauldron!!”


 Amidst his shock and fear, Huangji Wuyu made the most correct decision in the first instance, flinging the Primal Chaos Heavenly Ruler away as he used all of the profound energy in his body to make a swift retreat as he erected a profound formation that was in the shape of a whirlpool around his body. The moment the violent Golden Crow flames on his body exploded, the image of a huge gray-colored cauldron instantly appeared, repelling the flames.


 Bang!!


 Huangji Wuyu’s hand emitted an attractive force, recalling the Primal Chaos Heavenly Ruler into his hand. There were no wounds on his body but his expression was grave and he did not retain a shred of the composure he had before.


 “Are you alright?” Ye Meixie asked in a low voice.


 “I’m fine. There is something strange going on with her profound flames, it definitely isn’t any common profound fire. Don’t bother anymore with any airs or attitudes that a Sacred Master is supposed to possess, let us attack together!” The space behind Huangji Wuyu suddenly ruptured as his body instantly disappeared and translocated to the back of the Little Demon Empress. The Primal Chaos Heavenly Ruler smashed towards the middle of her back.


 The Little Demon Empress turned around, flames instantly enveloping her slender and delicate right arm as she smashed it towards Huangji Wuyu.


 Clang! Boom!!


 The Primal Chaos Heavenly Ruler gave a fierce shudder before being instantly bent into the shape of a full moon. Huangji Wuyu’s expression changed yet again; he had rarely showed his Primal Chaos Heavenly Ruler in front of people because there were very few people who had the qualifications to make him use the Primal Chaos Heavenly Ruler. But the girl in front of him had not only met the Primal Chaos Heavenly Ruler with her bare hands, the power that had rebounded into him from her strike had actually thrown all of the blood and energy in his body into turmoil.


 Not only was her profound fire bizarre, her profound strength... was actually even deeper and more solid than his own!!


 The power that was imbued into the Primal Chaos Heavenly Ruler was instantly and completely dispersed but the flames of the Little Demon Empress had yet to scatter. Furthermore, these flames morphed into nine rivers of flames which struck at Huangji Wuyu with the speed of a striking snake, forcing him to retreat pathetically.


 Just as the Little Demon Empress was about to advance, a beam of white light suddenly shot down at her from above. It was like a torrent of tides, suppressing her body for an instant. On the other side, the sudden clap of thunder shook the earth. Qu Fengyi and Ye Meixie used all of their profound strength, Ye Meixie’s body was illuminated by the glow of the sun and moon as a heaven-shaking aura caused the very space around him to quake. Every part of Qu Fengyi’s body was crackling with electricity, the space behind her was completely shrouded in a purple light.


 The light of the sun and moon was akin to lightning which could end the earth; it was like divine punishment that descended from the blue skies above. The two sacred masters used all their power in a combined attack as an area that was tens of kilometers wide was flooded by an indescribably enormous energy field, causing everything within this area to feel as if a mountain was pressing down on them.


 A cold light flashed into the Little Demon Empress’ eyes as her small and delicate body rushed into the skies above, leaving a trail of flames behind her. An enormous sea of fire exploded outwards and expanded into the air, fully enveloping both Qu Fengyi and Ye Meixie.


 BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM...


 The rumbling howls of exploding power resounded through the air like the continuous sound of exploding thunder, every single explosion threatening to rip apart the blue sky. The power of two of the great Sacred Masters crazily surged and their profound strength had been pushed to its limits before even ten breaths had passed after their first attack. The power that exploded forth at every interval was enough to cause mountains to crumble and send tsunamis spinning across the surface of the ocean.


 The Four Sacred Masters were the peak existence within the Profound Sky Continent and there was no one stronger. There was also no one who would be able to resist if two of the Sacred Masters combined their powers.


 But today, they had met one such person.


 Even under the combined strength of two of the great Sacred Masters, the flames in front of them still blanketed the heavens and the earth as it swiftly devoured their lightning and profound light. The result of this was that none of the boundless power that came from the two Sacred Masters managed to even touch the Little Demon Empress’ body.


 The hearts of Qu Fengyi and Ye Meixie were filled with incomparable surprise and amazement. They could not recall the status of this girl clad in rainbow-colored cloth and they could scarcely believe that such a person even existed in this world. The two of them had launched their attacks simultaneously and at full force and they could barely even suppress her. Moreover, these dreadful golden-colored flames were releasing a scorching heat that they could not comprehend; it was constantly burning their bodies and souls.


 Huangji Wuyu did not immediately advance. His brows sunk low as he stared intensely at the delicate and tiny figure that was wreathed in flames. Behind him, a black-colored profound shadow slowly appeared.


 “Boundless Star Domain!!”


 Bang!!


 Boundless energy spread out from his body as a gray-colored domain swiftly expanded and engulfed everything around him, causing more and more of the space to be encompassed within this gray world.


 After seeing Huangji Wuyu spread out that gray-colored barrier, the eyes of Qu Fengyi and Ye Meixie flashed as their postures changed. Then, they simultaneously pressed in on the Little Demon Empress at lightning speed. The Sun Moon Profound Arts instantly merged with the power of thunder and lightning as an enormous energy field, which seemed to encompass its own independent world, smashed towards the Little Demon Empress.


 As fellow Sacred Masters, as personages who stood at the very peak of the Profound Sky Continent, they were also the people who understood each other’s powers the most. So the combination of both their powers was practically perfect and flawless.


 The sea of fire that was in front of the Little Demon Empress was immediately smashed aside as the enormous energy field battered the Little Demon Empress, sending her flying like a soft ball of cotton. She was pushed back by several kilometers, falling directly into Huangji Wuyu’s gray-colored domain.


 Instantly, most of the flames that were burning on the Little Demon Empress’ body were extinguished and the aura she was exuding began to rapidly weaken. It was as if her entire body had been mired in an invisible, viscous substance, making it hard for her to even move.


 “Hahahaha!” Ye Meixie gave a hearty laugh, “Good! Now that she has been forced into Brother Huangji’s Boundless Star Domain, she had become like a lamb for slaughter. I alone can capture her!”


 “Stop talking nonsense and take action immediately... I won’t be able to maintain this for long!” Huangji Wuyu shouted in a deep voice.


 Ye Meixie gave a cold laugh as his figure blurred. The sword in his hand flashed as a beam of sword energy shot towards the middle of the Little Demon Empress’ brows. Qu Fengyi attacked at the same time; a bolt of lightning which contained dreadful power exploded towards the top of the Little Demon Empress’ head.


 The pretty face of Feng Xue’er, who had fled far away with Yun Che but had not left the battlefield entirely, instantly went pale when she witnessed this scene. She glanced at Yun Che and after a moment of hesitation, she finally chose to put him down. Her body ignited with Phoenix flames and she rushed forward, “I’m coming to help you!!”


 However, at this time, the mark that was nestled between the Little Demon Empress’ eyebrows suddenly started to burn fiercely and in an instant, it seemed as if a volcano was erupting around her body. The flames, which were very close to dying out just a moment ago, flared back to life with a crazy vigor as her aura of power began to rapidly rise once more... Her pupils, which had been filled with a cold detachment, now had two golden flames burning in them.


 “This... This is!?”


 This sudden change had stunned all three of the Sacred Masters. They simultaneously felt the space around them suddenly tense up as an indescribably dreadful energy field heavily pressed down on their bodies.


 Bang!!


 Huangji Wuyu’s extraordinarily powerful Boundless Star Domain was shattered like a fragile eggshell. Before Huangji Wuyu could even react to the collapse of his domain and puzzle out the reason behind it, he was hit by an enormous wave of backlash which shook his body. His face went pale as he violently spat out a mouthful of thick blood.
The initial instance of this chapter being available happened at N0v3l.Bin.

 “What... what is going on?” Huangji Wuyu muttered to himself in a soft and panicked voice. He raised his head and his pupils abruptly and fiercely contracted... Astonishingly, he saw a golden-colored image that seemed to be solid appear behind the Little Demon Empress.


 “Golden... Crow!?” Huangji Wuyu gasped in a stunned voice. Following that, he suddenly remembered something and he roared in a low voice, “You... you are the Little Demon Empress!?”


 He had personally seen the fiery image of the Golden Crow before so he recognized it at first glance. It was just that the fiery Golden Crow image that he had seen before had been scarlet in color but the fiery image that appeared at the Little Demon Empress’ back was a shocking gold!


 The only ones who could cause the fiery image of the Golden Crow to materialize were the members of the Illusory Demon Realm’s Illusory Demon Imperial Family. Moreover, there was currently only one person who possessed the bloodline of the Illusory Demon Imperial Family, and that person was the Little Demon Empress!!


 The Little Demon Empress did not respond to the question. She lifted up her arm that was wreathed in the violent flames of the Golden Crow, then gently pushed towards Huangji Wuyu.


 A fire lotus exploded in front of Huangji Wuyu. Huangji Wuyu’s body was incredibly strong and resilient and before this, he could still forcefully resist the flames of the Little Demon Empress. But after this golden-colored fire lotus had exploded, the profound energy that protected his body instantly collapsed, forcing him to retreat many steps while also sending all of the blood and energy in his body into chaos. Before he could even rouse himself from his shock and react, a golden-colored figure suddenly blurred into existence in front of his very eyes. A girl in rainbow-colored clothes now stood in front of him, her entire body immersed in golden-colored flames. Those eyes which seemed to freeze all emotions caused his consciousness to go blank for an instant.


 A small and delicate hand pressed down against his chest.


 BOOOM!!!


 The golden flames ruptured, causing the protective profound energy around Huangji Wuyu’s body to collapse once again. The Primal Chaos Heavenly Ruler flew from his hands as his entire body shot down to the earth like a meteorite, heavily smashing against the hard ground below, creating a human-shaped hole that was nearly a hundred meters deep.


 “Brother Huangji!!”


 Ye Meixie could not believe what he was seeing but the movements of his hands did not stop at all. His sword, in which his most powerful energies were focused, continuously attacked the Little Demon Empress from different angles, each attack piercing towards the left side of her neck.


 The Little Demon Empress slowly raised an arm as a cluster of golden flames lengthened by several feet before transforming into a golden-colored flame sword. The golden flame sword sent a sky-splitting slash towards Ye Meixie who had just arrived in the empty air above her.


 When the Little Demon Empress had just left Golden Crow Lightning Flame Valley, her Golden Crow’s Record of the Burning World had only reached the third realm. But today, it had reached the fifth realm. Because the golden-colored flames sword she had just used to attack Ye Meixie was astonishingly the Golden Crow’s Record of the Burning World fifth realm’s attack, “Golden Annihilation”!


 In other words, the current Little Demon Empress was far stronger than the Little Demon Empress who had once again descended upon Demon Imperial City after leaving Golden Crow Lightning Flame Valley!


 The flame sword carried an extremely extraordinary locus of fire as it sent out mediocre slashes, its movement appearing to be exceptionally slow. Yet it accurately landed on Ye Meixie’s sword that was moving as swiftly as a hurricane... With a soft ring, Ye Meixie’s sword soundlessly melted away. The enormous profound energy that had been gathered in the blade was like a current of water that had been cut in two as it flowed to the left and right before dissipating completely.


 Ye Meixie’s pupils widened by more than ten times, because he could smell the incomparably clear stench of death swiftly approaching. His vision had already been completely filled up by that life-stealing golden glow. His survival instincts kicked in, causing him to desperately use all of his energy in a bid to retreat as swiftly as possible...


 The golden light slashed into his right shoulder and after a moment of resistance, it completely slashed through it.


 A miserable cry rent the air and ruptured the ground as Ye Meixie spun away like a spinning top. He held his right shoulder which was missing an arm as he rolled about in agony, his hoarse cries rending the air. His eyes had widened to their very limits and his pupils had similarly expanded to the point where it seemed like they would be unable to shrink back to their normal size. He was an unrivalled and matchless Sacred Master... he was unable to accept or believe that everything that had happened was real...

