

Chapter 1997 - The Qilin Abyss Conference (2)

Chapter 1997 - The Qilin Abyss Conference (2)

Partially Edited Chapter - Rubble

On the profound boat, Helian Lingzhu looked fraught with worry. It painted a stark contrast against the young, excited profound practitioners of the Helian Heavenly Palace. 

Everyone and their mothers knew that the Helian Empire was in decline, and that that decline had been continuing for ages. However, these profound practitioners knew nothing about their latest circumstances. They did not know that the Qilin Alliance had won the three sects’ support, or that they would be joining the Qilin Abyss Conference this time. They didn’t even know the Abyssal Knight witnessing this Qilin Abyss Conference came from the Qilin Worship Alliance.

They all thought that the Helian Empire would enter the Qilin God Realm like every other time, even if they would be entering as the weakest participants.

It was because Helian Jue had done everything in his power to keep Zhai Liancheng and Ximen Qi’s declarations that day a secret. Otherwise, it was guaranteed to cause a huge panic and unpredictable chaos, not to mention that Helian Jue had fallen unconscious at the end. He literally couldn’t do anything else even if he wanted to.

Everyone understood why Helian Jue wouldn’t be attending the Qilin Abyss Conference this time. It was because he was “grievously injured” and needed bed rest.

No one expected Helian Lingzhu to be leading their group, the crown prince Helian Linglang more than anyone. He had been furious and confused, puzzled and fearful. Such was his fear that he personally visited Helian Jue in his seclusion multiple times and even tried to force his way in after multiple rebuffs. Of course, he was blasted out of the chamber immediately.

That said, the crown prince was the crown prince, and Helian Lingzhu was just a “woman”. Although the emperor himself had given the order, the top geniuses of the Helian Empire still flocked around Helian Linglang. The only ones who stayed with Helian Lingzhu were Yun Che and Mo Cangying.

On the other side of the boat, Helian Linglang kept shooting dark glances at Helian Lingzhu and Yun Che.

“You do not need to look so concerned, brother,” A Helian prince standing next to him advised, “It is rumored that sister was the one who healed father, so it’s not surprising that father would give her a reward. You’ll still be the heir to the throne when all is said and done.”

“That’s right.” The chief disciple of the Helian Heavenly Palace, Fang Zhonghe added. “The First Princess may enjoy a good reputation, but you’re still the crown prince. Try as she might, she will not inherit the throne before you.”

Helian Linglang’s expression did not improve, however. He glanced at Mo Cangying once—the Divine Master had never thought well of him, and he never would—before returning his gaze to Yun Che once more. “It’s all that pretty face’s fault… where on earth did he come from?”

“Who cares?” Another Helian prince scoffed, “In the end, he’s just sister’s boy toy. Speaking of which, Mo Cangying’s face is looking pretty ugly as of late. It won’t be long before… hehehe.”

A chorus of laughter followed. This time, even Helian Linglang found the humor to curl the corners of his lips upward.

Although they were standing very far apart from one another, Mo Cangying was the Helian Heavenly Palace’s most outstanding disciple and a third level Divine Master. Naturally, he heard everything.

He clenched his fists tightly and frowned like a thunderstorm, but he did not do anything.

It was at this moment Yun Che walked up to him.

“Brother Mo,” he started, “the First Princess looks like she’s in a bad mood. She can probably use your company.”

Mo Cangying maintained his posture. He didn’t even glance at Yun Che as he said, “It will be better if you go.”

“Me?” Yun Che looked surprised and puzzled. Then, he burst into a chuckle. “I don’t understand what you mean, Brother Mo.”

“Yes you do.” Mo Cangying’s voice hardened. “Please don’t treat me like an idiot. Right now, she only has eyes for you, and the only reason you’re staying is because of her.”

“I’ve been watching her since she joined the Helian Heavenly Palace as an ordinary disciple. Therefore, I know her better than anyone,” Mo Cangying turned away. “It is her choice who she wants to fall in love with, and so it is yours. I will not comment about it, nor will I get angry over it. It is beneath me.”

“But you coming over to provoke me like this,” he let out a cold snort, “I have to admit that you’ve made me think less of you.”

Yun Che’s smile vanished. Instead of leaving, he stepped closer until he was right next to Mo Cangying.

“Brother Mo, have you wondered how long I’ve been in contact with the First Princess?”

Mo Cangying: “...”

Yun Che said slowly, “If we ignore the time the two of you carried me from the sandstorm to the Helian Heavenly Palace, and the time we flew from the Helian Heavenly Palace to the imperial palace, I’ve known her for less than six hours at most.”

“You, on the other hand, have been her closest companion since youth. You’ve both started at the lowest lows, and you’ve supported each other every step of the way. Your relationship is so deep that no other relationship could even compare.”

“That is why you did not hesitate to go after the First Princess when she went into the Endless Fog alone. I am sure she would do the same for you.”

“I am just an outsider. It hasn’t even been a month since we first met, and our relationship is best described as shallow.” Yun Che shook his head. “Do you seriously think it can compare to your bond with the First Princess?”

Mo Cangying looked at him. “But…”

“There is no but.” Yun Che smiled. “I can even prove that you are mistaken.”

“You said that I’m doing this because I’m in love with the First Princess, but in reality I’m only doing this to repay her favor and indulge in a bit of selfishness: you see, I’m interested to check out the Qilin God Realm as well. It is the secret realm that the Abyssal Monarch Himself set up. Of course I would be curious about it, no?”

He said with an honest face, “As a man, there are few favors more important than being saved from the jaws of death. Of course I have to do everything in my power to repay it. I’m sure you would’ve done the same thing.”Unearth this data, retracing it to the very heart of Nøv€lß¡n★

“...” Mo Cangying looked like he wanted to say something, but Yun Che continued, “Also, I’ll be leaving the Qilin Abyss Realm immediately after the Qilin Abyss Conference is over. We may never meet again.”

Mo Cangying wheeled toward Yun Che. “You’re… leaving?”

“Of course!” Yun Che said matter-of-factly and without a hint of regret, “This isn’t my birthplace, and I have no reason to stay here after repaying the favor. That’s why you’re wrong to say that I’m in love with the First Princess.”

“Just the same, you are wrong to say that the First Princess is in love with me.”

Mo Cangying looked clearly moved. His coldness from before was completely gone.

“The Helian Empire has been declining for ages, and the First Princess had learned of the Qilin Worship Alliance’s ambition beforehand. She was so desperate that she went into the Endless Fog alone. That is why she is clinging to me not like a lover, but a straw of hope that might just keep the darkness at bay.”

“That is why she acts overly trusting and earnest with me. Now that I think about it, she is probably betting that my background can save the Helian Empire.”

“All things considered,” Yun Che shook his head wryly, “there is just no way she is in love with me.”

Mo Cangying was clearly convinced. In fact, this whole conversation was a rather enlightening experience for him.

“You and her are as close as family, and you are literally irreplaceable to one another. On the other hand, I am at best a warm blanket that appeared at the right time when the storm arrived. There is just no comparison between the two of us.”

Finally, Yun Che looked in Helian Lingzhu’s direction and said, “She would be sad if you’re not by her side at this time, Brother Mo.”

Mo Cangying abruptly rose to full height and turned toward Helian Lingzhu. However, he turned back immediately and said, “Brother Yun, I feel the same kindness you extend to Lingzhu and the imperial family.”

“If you really manage to bring the Helian Empire into the Qilin God Realm, then feel free to ask me anything while you’re still in the Qilin Abyss Realm. You have my word that I will fulfill any request!”

Before Yun Che could respond, he turned away and went over to Helian Lingzhu.

After Mo Cangying was gone, Yun Che leaned against a wall with eyes that looked as calm as a pool of dead water.

Mo Cangying didn’t realize it, but even if he really thought of the kindness he extended to Helian Lingzhu as his own, it was just a small part of why he changed his mind. It was his guilt toward his “misunderstanding” and his gratefulness for being “enlightened” that really changed his perception of him in the end.

In the end, Mo Cangying was just a simple-minded person. A single conversation was all it took to regain his loyalty.

Mo Cangying was clearly inexperienced in romance. Otherwise, he would have realized that a lifetime of love… could not compare to one heartfelt moment.

This was true for both men and women.

This outcome was good though. At the very least, he would not be a variable he needed to watch out for. In fact, he might even prove to be useful.

He was starting to act like Chi Wuyao after absorbing her memories.

……

The Qilin Divine Domain lay at the center of the Qilin Abyss Realm. It was where the entrance to the Qilin God Realm was located.

The Qilin God Realm possessed the most ferocious sand and stone in the Abyss. It was also where its final Qilin resided.

A lot of people were interested in the final Qilin, but few people ever visited the Qilin Abyss Realm. It was because the barrier created to protect it had been created by the Abyssal Monarch himself, and it opened only once every six hundred years. Short of trying to breach the barrier, there was just no point visiting the place.

Today, the Qilin Divine Domain was overflowing with large and small profound boats.

The Qilin God Realm had always been controlled by the Helian Dynasty and the three sects. Therefore, everyone thought of the Qilin Abyss Conference as a competition between the three sects; a competition to decide who gets to enjoy the largest pie in the Qilin God Realm.

That said, only the brightest, greatest geniuses of the Qilin Abyss Realm were allowed to participate in the Qilin Abyss Conference. It wasn’t an actual requirement, but it might as well be. Moreover, they were guaranteed to grow stronger after the Qilin God Realm or even experience a complete transformation. In the future, they were most certainly going to join the highest powers of the Qilin Abyss Realm as well.

In that sense, the participants of the Qilin Abyss Conference were also the future rulers of the Qilin Abyss Realm. Naturally, all factions wanted to watch it if only to figure out what the Qilin Abyss Realm would become decades later.

The audience in the sky alone numbered almost a hundred thousand. This would be a paltry number in the God Realm, but in the Abyss where the population was struggling just to survive to the next generation? It was a lot of people.

The Boulder Profound Sect, Thousand Blade Sect and Fiery Sand Sect were already waiting at the center area. The Helian Empire’s profound boat was present as well, but… anyone could tell that their presence was far weaker than the three sects’.

The three sects kept growing stronger, and the Helian Empire kept weakening with every generation. This was something everyone has been aware of for a long time. They had no doubt the main competition would be between the three sects, and the Helian Empire was just here to claim the last spot as usual.

Since this was the first time she took charge of such an important occasion, Helian Lingzhu had to give it her all to maintain her facade of calmness and dignity. In reality, she was more nervous and worried than she had ever been in her life.

Her eyes quickly found the Qilin Worship Alliance standing in a distant, practically inconspicuous corner of the area. If she didn’t know better, she would’ve thought they were part of the audience. Someone noticed her glance and shot her an arrogant smirk.

“Yun Che,” she messaged carefully, “Are you… Are you sure it’ll be fine?”

“Trust me and yourself,” Yun Che replied in a gentle voice, “I have never broken a promise.”

That was true. The Boulder Profound Sect and the Qilin Worship Alliance were nothing to him, and he had solved something that had balked even the Guardian Ancestor with ease… Helian Lingzhu sucked in a deep breath and felt just a little calmer than before.

“Oh? The imperial family sent a girl to participate in the Qilin Abyss Conference this time?”

A scathing voice suddenly came from the side. It belonged to the young sect master of the Thousand Blade Sect, Wan Zhongyue. He was looking at her out of the corner of his eye, and his tone was arrogant and filled with a bit of schadenfreude.

“Girl?” Mo Cangying immediately stared at him like a hawk. “Are you blind? How dare you disrespect the First Princess!”

“Oh~~~ She’s the First Princess?” Wang Chongyue exclaimed with feigned realization before turning even more arrogant. “So what if I disrespect her? Are you going to exile me to the Sandy Pits, or are you going to execute me up to the nine generations? I’m so scared~”

It was blatant disrespect toward the Helian Empire, but not a single one of his companions tried to stop him. In fact, they were laughing with him.

“Ignore him,” Helian Lingzhu said. She was well aware that the empire’s presence would only work on civilians and small to middle sects. Against the three sects… they were nothing more than a laughingstock.

The Thousand Blade Sect wasn’t done with them, though. Wang Chongshan, the youngest son said loudly, “It’s been years since the Helian Emperor was tortured by Senior Mo’s profound energy, and I heard that he could die at any moment. Since he didn’t show up for something as grand as the Qilin Abyss Conference, do you think…?”“Hahahahaha!”

“Nah, maybe he had something urgent he had to attend to.”

“More like he got scared and didn’t dare to show his face!”

Another chorus of laughter erupted.

Mo Cangying’s eyes burned with rage, but he didn’t erupt because Helian Lingzhu was still ignoring them and keeping her cool.

Helian Linglang though, he looked blue in the face as he muttered under his breath, “If Father hadn’t insisted on attending… How humiliating!”

It was at this moment that Zhai Kexie, the current sect master of the Boulder Profound Sect and the champion of the previous Qilin Abyss Conference flew into the air and declared, “The time is up. We greet the Abyssal Knight who has come from the Pure Land to witness this year’s Qilin Abyss Conference!”

The barrier surrounding the Qilin God Realm had been laid down by the Abyssal Monarch himself, which was why a divine rune from the Pure Land was necessary to open it, and why the presence of an Abyssal Knight was necessary. They were both the gate opener and supervisor of the Qilin God Realm.

Later, when the three sects slowly rose to power, and the Qilin God Conference became a thing, the Abyssal Knight was invited to the Qilin Abyss Conference to bear witness and as a gesture of respect.

A silhouette slowly floated into the sky. The silver armor he was wearing shone a cold glint and pierced everyone’s eyes and souls.

More than that, the divine rune on the back of his hand nearly glowed bright enough to illuminate the entire Qilin Divine Domain.

“Greetings, Sir Knight!”

Zhai Kexie was the first one to drop to his knees. The rest of the sect quickly followed.

Every other profound practitioner at the scene dropped to their knees as well. It was almost like they were worshiping a god, which wasn’t far away from the truth. To the denizens of the Abyss, the Pure Land was the ultimate sanctuary. Naturally, the people of Pure Land were like gods as well.

Cries of surprise immediately broke out after the Abyssal Knight showed his face, however.

“Is… Is he…?”

“Ximen… Boyun?”

“It really is Ximen Boyun!!”

Countless people looked up in shock, and the stunned cries rippled outward like a wildfire.

“That’s right! He was the vice alliance master of the Qilin Worship Alliance, Ximen Boyun!”

“Didn’t he die a few years ago?”

“To think… he’s become an Abyssal Knight!”

“The rumors were actually true! Not only did he survive the Endless Fog, he even became an Abyssal Knight of the Pure Land!”

“Then… does that mean that the Qilin Worship Alliance… is actually a prominent faction now?”

……

The cries of astonishment wouldn’t stop for a long time.

Very soon, the crowd would shoot doubtful and sympathetic looks at the Helian side.

Everyone knew that the Qilin Worship Alliance was growing quickly. It had long since looked like they would become the fourth biggest sect of the Qilin Abyss Realm.

Now that they had an Abyssal Knight… they should be stronger than the Helian Empire, right?

Did this mean… that a fifth faction would be entering the Qilin God Realm?

Or… would they eliminate the weakest link so that the pie wouldn’t be spread too thin?

If that was the case…

Countless eyes sought out the Qilin Worship Alliance. They immediately discovered that their profound practitioners were standing by for something.

The alliance master, Ximen Borong, and the young alliance master, Ximen Hong were all present. The Helmsmasters and the Hallmasters were present as well.

The young profound practitioners at the back were clearly preparing for combat as well.

They were definitely going to participate in this year’s Qilin Abyss Conference.

