

Chapter 1846 - Yama Dust

 



 In the distance, Qianye Wugu, who had sensed Qianye Ying’er’s life withering and fading away, suddenly turned his old eyes in her direction, the Brahma light radiating from his body suddenly growing dull and dim.


 How could Long Er miss such a great opportunity? His pale-white dragon claw carried the weight of a thousand mountains as it smashed apart Qianye Wugu’s Brahma light and smashed into his body.


 Rumble!
Unearth this data, retracing it to the very heart of Nøv€lß¡n★

 The power of a withered dragon was like a million bolts of lightning going off at the same time. A cloud of blood burst out of Qianye Wugu’s body as his ancient frame hurtled to the ground like a piece of rotten wood before slamming deeply into it.


 Just like Qianye Wugu had guessed, Long Er did not chase after him. Instead, he coldly and calmly glanced at him before he rushed straight for the barrier surrounding the Deep Sea Royal Hall.


 Earth exploded everywhere as Qianye Wugu’s body flew up from the ground. He landed beside Qianye Ying’er and a cluster of dense golden light formed above his blood-stained palm before he gently pushed it into her lower back.


 Qianye Ying’er was quickly pulled out of that blank white world as a robust and dense vital energy poured into her like a spring shower. Her five senses were refreshed as the revivifying energy coursed through her entire body.


 Qianye Ying’er slowly opened her eyes and turned to look at the old man beside her.


 As her vision gradually cleared up, she saw that this old man was Qianye Wugu. Most of his gray robe was stained with blood and she could clearly feel... the vital energy that was coming from him.


 Even though Qianye Ying’er no longer possessed a Brahma Soul, she was still Qianye Wugu’s direct descendent. Since they shared the same blood and lineage... he could use some of the scant few years he had left to save her life.


 Even if they shared the same blood and lineage, using this method to transfer one’s life force was highly inefficient. A hundred years of his life could only give her one or two years.


 “What... What are you doing... Stop!”


 Her mind was fully awake, but her body was still incomparably weak. Qianye Ying’er could only yell at him in shock, she was powerless to push him away.


 Qianye Wugu didn’t say anything, he merely continued to pour his lifespan into Qianye Ying’er without stopping.


 “Use your power to defend the barrier! Don’t waste it on me!” Qianye Ying’er desperately wanted to struggle against his efforts. Her voice started to grow extremely harsh and fierce as she yelled, “This is an order... You stupid old man! This is an order!”


 The look on Qianye Wugu’s face didn’t change as he calmly replied, “You are the Brahma Heaven God Emperor and this old man is a member of the Brahma Monarch God Realm, so I must naturally obey my emperor’s commands.”


 “However...” he said as the faintest of smiles appeared on his face, “I am also your great-grandfather. There is no reason or sophism in this world that can override an old man’s right to save his own descendant.”


 “You...” Qianye Ying’er’s fingers curled up into a fist. Her heart and soul trembled, but she couldn’t say anything else.


 The situation around the barrier had started to dramatically change.


 The addition of Long Er had drastically increased the pressure on the Three Yama Ancestors.


 Meanwhile the Chi Dragon Emperor, Hui Dragon Emperor, and Myriad Manifestations God Emperor had also descended from the sky to join the fray, causing the already frail defensive line formed by the forces of the Yama Realm and Burning Moon Realm to completely collapse.


 The surviving Yama Devils, Moon Eaters, Yama Ghosts, and Burning Moon Divine Envoys were all thrown to the ground by the force of the three god emperors landing. In an instant, the three god emperors had landed right in front of the barrier and their power thundered against the swiftly collapsing barrier like heavenly lightning.


 Meanwhile, the White Rainbow Dragon God led the charge from the back and a huge group of Dragon Sovereigns, Chi Dragons, Hui Dragons, and Qilins poured forward like a tidal wave as a hundred beams of Divine Master energy slammed into the barrier.


 BANG!!


 The fifth barrier had shattered, and it had also been the one that had held on for the shortest amount of time.


 Each of the five destroyed barriers had been shattered quicker than the last... As the power of the Northern Divine Region shrank and collapsed, the next two barriers would only be shattered even more quickly.


 Yan One turned around and roared in an enraged voice, “You useless brats... Aaaaaah!”


 Unfortunately, he, Yan Two, and Yan Three were currently locked in battle with three great Venerable Withered Dragons and three Dragon Gods. The pressure they exerted far exceeded what anyone else could imagine, so the only thing Yan One could do was to curse and vent at his flailing allies.


 Yan Wu’s left arm was already broken and she didn’t even have thirty percent of her profound energy left. However, she rolled to her feet and rushed at three god emperors by herself. The Yama Devil Spear in her hand was stained with her own Yama Devil blood as she released the limit of her power.


 BOOOOOM!


 Her figure blurred into existence in front of the three god emperors as black light exploded and shoved them backward dozens of meters.


 When her dark power came into contact with the black wounds Qianye Ying’er had carved into their bodies, it instantly caused incredible pain to course through their veins. However, this pain had also triggered their simmering wrath.


 Attacks erupted explosively from their hands, but their target wasn’t the barrier that was right in front of them. It was Yan Wu.


 Even though Yan Wu was also a level ten Divine Master, she still wasn’t powerful enough to contend against a god emperor, and that was before taking her broken left arm into account.


 Bang!


 Her Yama Devil Spear was sent flying by the Chi Dragon Emperor.


 Boom!


 The black Yama Devil light radiating from her body was shattered by the Hui Dragon Emperor’s fist.


 Pchhht!


 A bloody light streaked through the air as the Myriad Manifestations God Emperor’s imperial sword flew through her chest, leaving a bloody hole in its wake.


 Yan Wu’s eyes grew focused as a violent black light erupted from them and the Yama Devil Spear flew back into her right hand... However, before she could even attack, a vast and mighty draconic energy shot down from the sky, slamming into her chest.


 The White Rainbow Dragon God was the one who had landed that terrible blow on Yan Wu. Her chest violently sank in and a cloud of blood spewed from her mouth as she was sent flying.


 “Wu!!” Yan Tianxiao turned around and let out a furious roar. He fiercely sent the Dragon Sovereigns and Chi Dragons flying, then sped toward Yan Wu with such speed that he left afterimages behind.


 “Hmph, die!” The Chi Dragon Emperor’s arm shot out and a fatal draconic image was sent hurtling toward Yan Wu.


 Boom!!


 The Chi Dragon image did not hit Yan Wu. Instead, it fiercely slammed into Yan Tianxiao, who had suddenly appeared in front of her.


 He spread his arms out wide and took the Chi Dragon Emperor’s attack without moving an inch. An invisible barrier expanded out from his body and blocked all the energy that could have hurt Yan Wu.


 “Heh, I see that you’re still trying to struggle. How pitiful,” the White Rainbow Dragon God said with a low chuckle. He suddenly thrust out an arm at Yan Tianxiao. White light covered his claw as he sent it smashing straight into Yan Tianxiao’s chest.


 Yan Tianxiao had just endured the Chi Dragon Emperor’s strike, so his energy had been thrown into disarray. Furthermore, the White Rainbow Dragon God’s claw had, intentionally or unintentionally, struck the hole that Long Bai had previously created in his chest... A huge amount of blood gushed out as the White Rainbow Dragon God’s hand burst out of Yan Tianxiao’s back, his sinister-looking hand covered in gore.


 The Myriad Manifestations God Emperor and Hui Dragon Emperor also chose this moment to attack together. A sword lanced through his stomach while a palm strike ruptured his internal organs.


 “...” Blood gushed out of every orifice on Yan Tianxiao’s face, but his expression remained unchanged.


 “Yama Emperor!” Fen Daoqi, who was currently mired in his own desperate struggle, exclaimed in shock.


 “My... Lord!” A Yama Devil, who had fallen to the ground, howled in pain.


 Yan Wu sank to her knees and vomited a few mouthfuls of blood before she could struggle to her feet again. It was only then that she realized the miserable condition that Yan Tianxiao was in.


 “Royal father!” She screamed in a shrill voice as she staggered toward him. She regained her balance and immediately made a mad dash forward.


 However, a large hand suddenly shot out and launched a dark energy wave that shoved her backward.


 Yan Wu stared at her father’s arm with puzzled eyes before she... turned to look at the warm but fleeting gaze he shot her way.


 He gave his daughter one last look, the final one of his life, before he... turned back to focus on the enemies in front of him.


 The irises in his eyes vanished as his eyes turned a boundless gloomy black.


 Her heart started hammering in her chest as Yan Wu suddenly realized something. She thrust out a hand, her trembling fingers desperately trying to reach toward her father, as an anguished sob escaped her lips, “Royal father... no... no... no... Don’t...”


 “DON’T!!!!”


 “UWAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!”


 Yan Tianxiao let out a scream so shrill that it tore his throat as something suddenly erupted out of his back. It was a pitch-black devil shadow.


 The devilish shadow was about three meters tall and its aura was astonishing. Unfortunately, it still wasn’t something that could threaten a Dragon God or a god emperor.


 “I see that you won’t give up even when you know that all is lost,” the White Rainbow Dragon God said with a sneer on his face. The hand which still transfixed Yan Tianxiao’s body suddenly swelled with a vast power as he snarled, “Die...”


 However, the expression on his face dramatically changed before he had even finished saying that word.


 When he bent down to look at his arm, he suddenly realized that it had become wrapped in a layer of strange black light that was trying to trap him... Power erupted from his arm, but he actually wasn’t able to pull it back.


 The same black light had quietly and stealthily wrapped around the Myriad Manifestations God Emperor, Chi Dragon Emperor, and Hui Dragon Emperor as well.


 This was the strongest dark binding that Yan Tianxiao could use. However, it wouldn’t last for very long when used on Dragon Gods or other god emperors.


 “Uurgh... Aaaaah... AAAAAAAHHHHHH!!”


 Yan Tianxiao’s shrill screaming continued and the Yama Devil shadow behind him suddenly started to expand. In the blink of an eye, it had grown tens of meters... hundreds of meters... thousands of meters... until it was several kilometers tall!


 The Yama Devil aura that it was radiating swelled to an incredibly shocking level. After that, it merged with the dark binding that Yan Tianxiao had used and pressed down on all of the living creatures caught in the Yama Devil Shadow like a dark mountain.


 The eyes of every combatant swiveled toward him in shock as all combat ceased. Even the Three Yama Ancestors descended into an awestruck silence for an instant.


 “This brat...” Yan One mumbled under his breath.


 “AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!”


 Yan Tianxiao’s body was entirely swallowed up by that gigantic Yama Devil shadow and it wasn’t clear whether that roar had come from him or from the Yama Devil that seemed to have come from the abyss itself.


 As he roared, the Yama Devil shadow suddenly started moving. The huge dark figure started rushing forward... and it dragged the White Rainbow Dragon God and three god emperors along with it as it swallowed up one Dragon Sovereign after another, one Western Region Divine Master after another, on its westward charge.


 RUUUUUMBLE!!


 The earth undulated like ocean waves as the expressions of the White Rainbow Dragon God and three god emperors of the west twisted up. They tried their best to break free from their dark prison as their power exploded toward Yan Tianxiao time and again... However, the gigantic Yama Devil shadow was growing faster and faster as it dragged them along with eleven Dragon Sovereigns and more than ninety other Western Region Divine Masters on its journey west.


 The gigantic power they couldn’t break free of made them feel as if their bodies and souls were stuck to that gigantic Yama Devil shadow. This coupled with the horrific wails of despair coming from it would form a dark shadow in their hearts that they would never be free of.


 Five kilometers... Ten kilometers... Fifteen kilometers... Twenty-five kilometers... Thirty-five kilometers...


 Cries of shock and alarm filled the air as a huge part of the Western Divine Region’s forces was being dragged further and further away from the battlefield. The pressure on the defending northern profound practitioners drastically lessened as the collapsing defensive line was quickly sealed up by the Yama Devils and Yama Ghosts... However, all of them were crying tears of blood as they watched the back of that huge Yama Devil shadow.


 Yan Wu struggled to her feet and cast one last, long look at her father’s distant back... Tears misted up in her eyes, making her vision go blurry, as she silently stood in place. However, she wasn’t willing to take her eyes off him for even one second.


 “Charge... Charge!!”


 The Yama Devils and Yama Ghosts were roaring those words as they hurled their sore and wounded bodies towards the battlefield once more. Their bodies were erupting with an incredibly sinister and violent killing intent as they squeezed out every last drop of their Yama Devil power. Boundless hatred and murder filled their eyes as they clawed their way to the nearest western Divine Master.


 The already-bloody fighting had suddenly grown even more violent and merciless.


 RUMMMMMMBLE!


 The Yama Devil shadow continued to move forward like an inexorable tidal wave, a tottering shadowy mountain, as it dragged the trapped Western Region profound practitioners along with it.


 Fifty kilometers... Seventy-five kilometers... A hundred kilometers...


 RUUUUMBLE...


 After that, the Yama Devil shadow suddenly turned hazy and transparent, and its speed finally started to slow down.


 It stopped tottering... as its steps started to slow... and it started to stagger forward.


 Bang!


 Bang!


 Bang!


 One step... Two steps... Three steps...


 His steps were growing slower and slower, but he still pressed forward with incredible determination... until his legs refused to lift themselves up.


 The towering Yama Devil shadow finally shimmered out of existence.


 And only the figure of a battered and wounded Yan Tianxiao remained.


 He silently stood in place, his arms frozen in a forward motion. He didn’t even move a single muscle and there wasn’t any malevolence on his face, only determination.


 There wasn’t a single speck of light in those eyes and there wasn’t any aura or energy radiating from his body.


 In fact, there wasn’t even a drop of blood flowing from his open wounds.


 He simply stood there silently, looking for all the world like a weathered and battered statue.


 Bang!!


 A muffled explosion rang out in the air as the White Rainbow Dragon God violently struggled free from his dark bindings. He stretched a hand out, but before he could even release his draconic might... a gust of cold wind blew toward the silent Yan Tianxiao.


 The “statue” instantly started to crumble as gray dust danced in the air. This was how the Yama Emperor of this generation greeted death. His body crumbled into the wind like dust, and he did not leave even a trace of himself behind.


 ————


 Author’s Note:


 【(￣ε(#￣)☆╰╮(￣▽￣///)】


 【↑Mars————Yun Che↑】

