

Chapter 1976 - Separation

Chapter 1976 - Separation

Needs editing still, sorry. - Rubble

Fear and uncertainty were currently rippling throughout the God Realm. The high cost elimination of Mo Beichen did not invigorate or bring peace to anyone’s mind at all. The word “Abyss” especially was reaching every corner of the God Realm and causing great panic like an unstoppable plague. Things were only getting worse every day.The initial instance of this chapter being available happened at N0v3l.Bin.

As if that wasn’t bad enough, the heavenly light of God Realm was dimming as well. Dark clouds hung in the sky far more often than they used to, and the sound of rumbling thunder became a constant in the background. The heavenly law responsible for keeping the order of Primal Chaos itself was shaking in fright as if despairing over the upcoming fate of this universe.

Emperor Yun City had not announced anything besides the awakening of Emperor Yun and the Soul Stealing of Qi Tianli after the Blue Dragon Emperor had begged for mercy on his behalf. 

The star realms were trying to think of a way to combat the Abyss, but every single one of them arrived at the conclusion that the situation was utterly hopeless. After all, a pioneer—or to put it more bluntly, a pawn that was sent to their universe to sound out their strength—alone was enough to crush the entire God Realm beneath his boots. Even his death wasn’t the result of the God Realm’s combined strength, but various powers of belief and miraculous coming happenstance together to create a true miracle. Not only that, it was a miracle that would never happen again.

To defeat the Abyss?

That was just…

……

Blue Pole Star, Illusory Demon Realm, the Yun Family’s residence.

Yun Che was kneeling on the floor and serving tea to Xiao Lie, Mu Feiyan, Yun Qinghong and Mu Yurong.

“Grandpa Xiao, Grandpa Mu, mother, father…” Yun Che greeted his family with his head held high and his eyes lowered. There was no awe-inspiring presence that dominated the entire God Realm, only a deep shame that seemed to come from his very soul. “I have worked my whole life to obtain peace and harmony for us, and I thought I had finally succeeded. Unfortunately, I must leave once again and worry you all before I can repay even a sliver of the favor I owe you. I am… unfilial.”

“Che’er…” Mu Yurong shook her head lightly. She had been trying to keep her composure and smile this whole time so that she would not burden Yun Che with her worry and concern, but his words instantly filled her eyes with tears and nearly caused her to break into an uncontrollable sob.

Yun Qinghong gently held her head while waiting for Yun Che to finish serving his tea. Then, he walked up to his son and said smilingly, “Rise, Che’er.”

He lifted Yun Che to his feet and showered him with a warm gaze. “What you’re about to do is something no one has ever done in the past, and no one will ever do again in the future. You’re about to save the entire universe.”

He looked to the distance before continuing, “From the moment you decide to embark on this journey, we are overflowing with enough glory to last for ages and ages to come.”

“Xiao Ying, who had died before his time to save you, and your grandfather, who gave up his own life to protect yours… I am sure they have no regrets on the other side as well.”

“That’s right.” Mu Feiyan nodded strongly and slapped a hand on Yun Che’s shoulder. “Che’er, you’re the one who’s going to have a hard time trying to make progress after you go to the Abyss. We, on the other hand, have few things to worry about. That is why the only thing you need to be concerned about is your own safety.”

A gentle smile slowly spread across Xiao Lie’s face. “You’re not the timeliest person in the world, but you have never failed to come home to us. I am sure you will come home safe and sound.”

“But of course.” Yun Che nodded smilingly as well. “No matter how far or high up the traveler goes, his home will always be where he belongs.”

“You… you must come home safe and sound, okay big brother?” Xiao Yun took a step forward while clenching his fists so tight that they were shaking a little. “I will do everything in my power to take good care of grandpa, father and mother, so you don’t have to worry about anything.”

“Mn. The thought that you might screw up had never crossed my mind,” Yun Che answered with a smile. “Who knows, Yongan might even be married by the time I come home.”

Xiao Yongan declared seriously, “You my lifesaver, Uncle Yun. It would be the regret of my life if my wedding isn’t witnessed by you. That is why father, mother, Yongning and I will not marry until you’ve come home.”

“Haha, well said.” Yun Che laughed. “I will strive to come home sooner then, if only to assuage you, Yongning, mom and dad as soon as possible.”

“Speaking of which,” Yun Che changed his tune suddenly, “You really should find a lovely wife soon, uncle. I do not want to come home and find that Grandpa Mu is still raging at your marriage status.”

Mouth twitching, Mu Yubai rolled his eyes and mumbled weakly, “Shut up. You should be more concerned about yourself than my love life!”

Separation was never easy, and this separation in particular was more harrowing than any other to put it mildly. Someone had to be the villain, so Chi Wuyao stepped forward and said, “It is time.”

Mu Yurou visibly shuddered at wake-up call, but she eventually relinquished her death grip on Yun Che’s wrist until her fingers were fully separated from his sleeves.

“Go, my child.” Mu Yurou whispered. In most people’s eyes, he was the unparalleled emperor of Primal Chaos and the only hope of their universe, but in her eyes, he was just a traveler who was about to enter the most dangerous corners of the world. “It is ill-advised to hesitate after making up your mind under any circumstances. Go, and do not look back.”

Feng Xian’er was supporting him gently by the side. Despite her utmost effort, she was unable to stop herself from shaking.

No one said anything else after that. They simply looked at him unwavering eyes

Cang Yue, Xiao Lingxi, Chu Yuechan, Feng Xue’er, Su Ling’er, Huan Caiyi, Mu Xuanyin, Caizhi, Qianye Ying’er and Yun Wuxin… Yun Che slowly looked at each and everyone of them as if to engrave them forever into his heart.

He hadn’t publicly announced his departure to the Abyss. It would only destabilize the God Realm even more.

He hadn’t even told the Northern Divine Region about it. If he did, millions of people would be seeing him off today.

Yun Che turned around and gave them a little wave. He looked like he wanted to say something, but he ultimately chose to stay silent and slowly floated into the air.

He wondered when he would see his homeworld again.

“Father…”

In the end, Yun Wuxin couldn’t stay silent. Her words brushed against his back like the softest breeze.

“Remember what you promised me,” She said with tears in her starry eyes. “If you break it again, I… I’ll definitely not forgive you another time.”

“... Mn.” Yun Che replied in a calm and determined voice. He did not look back.

The wind blew. His back traveled further and further until he reached the end of the horizon amidst countless gazes.

Then, something unexpected happened. A black silhouette caught up to him in an instant.

“Allow me to send you.”

It was impossible to say what might happen after he entered the Abyss. It was why Yun Che had planned to make the journey alone. He did not want to be bogged down by his attachments when he descended into the Abyss. When he met Chi Wuyao’s dark, soulful eyes though, he swallowed his rejection and asked, “You’ve literally shoved everything you want to teach me into my brain. What else do you wish to tell me?”

“I’ve discovered something—well, that would be exaggerating. I have had some new theories I need to share with you,” Chi Wuyao replied.

“Is it regarding the Abyss?” Yun Che immediately turned serious. “Did you manage to uncover more knowledge and memories from the dredges of Mo Beichen’s soul?”

“No, it has nothing to do with Mo Beichen.” Chi Wuyao proceeded to ask something that seemed to be completely unrelated to their current endeavor. “Have you ever thought that the ancient war between the gods and devils feels off to you?”

Yun Che was caught off guard. “What do you mean, exactly?”

Chi Wuyao responded, “The beginning, the process, and the ending.”

Thanks to the Golden Crow Soul, the Ice Phoenix Divine Soul and Jie Yuan’s explanations, Yun Che’s understanding of the ancient war and certain ancient memories far exceeded most people be it in terms of depth or breadth.

It must be related to the Abyss somehow if Chi Wuyao chose now to bring it up.

Yun Che pondered for a moment before shaking his head. “Just give it to me straight.”

They hadn’t stopped just because they were having a conversation. They were flying swiftly to the God Realm of Absolute Beginning.

“When the Ancestral God separated Primal Chaos into the World of Existence and Extinction, she had made sure that there was some sort of balance between the two. Just the same, the two races who were made to rule over the World of Extinction—God Race and the Devil Race—had existed in balance as well.”

Chi Wuyao’s tone was low and musical, almost as if she was carrying his mind to the distant past. “Since there is balance between the two, it only makes sense that the God Race and the Devil Race are similar in terms of power and strength, does it not?” 

“Even if gaps would’ve appeared as each race advanced their respective power, their starting point is roughly the same. Their overall power should not differ too much.”

“The God Race and the Devil Race had disliked one another since ancient times. This was especially true for the Heaven Punishing Divine Emperor. He loathed the Devil Race so much there was nothing he desired more than to wipe them from the world itself.”

“Even so, the two races had maintained a great period of peace before the war—meaning that both races were well aware that their power was more or less similar, and that a war would only end in massive casualties and damage for both sides.”

Yun Che’s eyebrows shot up all of a sudden.

It was because he finally realized what Chi Wuyao meant.

If the God Race and the Devil Race were similar in strength, if the balance of power was more or less even… then why did the Devil Race suffer such a horrific defeat during the war?

It wasn’t just a minor defeat either. They were trounced so hard by the God Race that they had to resort to the unthinkable!

Chi Wuyao continued, “Later, the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor, Jie Yuan was tricked by the Heaven Punishing Divine Emperor, Mo E and thrown out of Primal Chaos, causing the Devil Race to lose a Devil Emperor.”

“Not long after that, the Creation God of Elements met Mo E in a clash of titans. At the end of the battle, he abruptly changed his title to the Heretic God and secluded himself.”

“Later, Mo E passed away earlier than expected because he used the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword one too many times.”

“With this, two of four Creation Gods were gone just like that. One of them had died, and the other had secluded themselves from the world, leaving behind only the Creation Goddess of Life, Li Suo and the Creation God of Order, Xi Ke.”

“Despite losing the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor, the Devil Race still had the Original Darkness Devil Emperor, the Nirvana Devil Emperor and the Nine Fiend Devil Emperor.”

“After Mo E had passed away and the Heretic God had gone into seclusion, the Devil Race launched a sudden attack. The Nine Fiend Devil Emperor pierced through multiple dimensions to descend on the Divine Palace of Life and killed the Creation God of Life, Li Suo with the Nine Fiend Devil Poison.”

“In other words, after the two races had gone to total war with each other, the Devil Race still had three Devil Emperors left, and the God Race only the Creation God of Order, Xi Ke.”

“It is near impossible to overcome the gap between realms. Considering how big the power gap was at the highest level, the Devil Race absolutely should’ve annihilated the God Race with ease. However, we both know that it ended with the horrific defeat of the Devil Race and the unsealing of the Evil Infant's Wheel of Myriad Tribulations, which culminated in the end of the era of gods and devils.”

Shock rippled through Yun Che again as he recalled the ancient records he had studied while he was in the Dragon God Realm. At the time, all he could think of was that the ancient past was as unimaginable as it was terrifying. But now that Chi Wuyao brought up the subject in the new light called “balance”, he realized that it really was full of contradictions and inconsistencies.

Chi Wuyao turned toward him. “You’ve gone through the Dragon Gods’ ancient records. Do you still remember what had led to the Devil Race’s swift and decisive defeat?”

Yun Che replied immediately, “While the two races were warring against each other, the Creation God of Order, Xi Ke used himself as bait to trap the Original Darkness Devil Emperor, Nine Fiend Devil Emperor and Nirvana Devil Emperor in the Eternal Heaven Thousand Level Realm or the Eternal Heaven Pearl.”

In the Eternal Heaven Thousand Level Realm, time passed a thousand times slower than usual.

Not only that, it had lasted until the Evil Infant had taken control of the Sky Poison Pearl and unleashed Myriad Tribulation on all of Primal Chaos.

The three Devil Emperors would’ve utterly crushed the Creation God of Order had they engaged one another in normal battle, but because they were trapped in the Eternal Heaven Thousand Level Realm the whole time, the Devil Race’s overwhelming advantage was completely nullified.

Moreover, hundreds of Devil Gods and Jie Yuan herself had been cast out of Primal Chaos beforehand. As a result, their top fighting power was largely inferior to the God Race’s without their Devil Emperors. As a result, they kept losing and losing.

By the time the Three Devil Emperors had finally escaped, Myriad Tribulation had already buried the entire universe in an inescapable abyss of death.

“That is correct,” Chi Wuyao nodded slowly, “and here lies an even bigger contradiction.”

