

Chapter 2001 - The Liancheng Sword

Chapter 2001 - The Liancheng Sword

Partially Edited Chapter - Rubble

The battlefield was filled with explosions, blood curdling screams, blood and violence in general. It should have been an exciting moment where countless spectators were cheering or booing for one reason or another. Instead, there was only silence so absolute that one could hear a pin drop.

Be it men, women, strong or weak, everyone’s eyes were widened to the max as if they were forced open by pliers. Countless jaws had widened to the point of dislocation, and not a single one of them had managed to collect their jaws yet.

Helian Lingzhu looked stunned, and the cloudiness in Ku Xian’s was wiped clean. Helian Linglang especially looked like he was the one who had been ravaged by Yun Che.

Yun Che… a tenth level Divine Sovereign.

The Thousand Blade Sect had ten participants, and they were one third level Divine Master, three second level Divine Masters, five first level Divine Masters and one Divine Sovereign. And yet… not a single one of them had managed to endure a single attack from Yun Che!

Moreover, the “stick” he was using was Zhai Liancheng, the young sect master of the Boulder Profound Sect and the only fourth level Divine Master under six hundred years old. In the Qilin Abyss Realm, no one would question that he was the number one profound practitioner among his peers.

And yet…

Ximen Boyun had risen from his seat. His previously dignified eyes were currently filled with astonishment and disbelief. He didn’t even realize he was standing until much later.

In the sky, Hua Caili’s mouth was agape as well. Even the stars in her eyes had temporarily forgotten to blink.

“He… he… he…”

Although she was almost a blank paper in terms of experience, her knowledge of the profound way was among the greatest in the entire Abyss. However, what she just saw had ripped that common sense into shreds.

A long time later, Hua Qingying spoke up, “He is definitely a Divine Sovereign. The lightning he used isn’t ordinary lightning, but…”

“How… can a Divine Sovereign… beat a Divine Master in one hit?” Hua Caili finished her sentence.

The gap between a lower Divine Master and an upper Divine Master was massive, true, but to defeat one in a single strike? They had to be an eighth level Divine Master at least.

However, Yun Che was just a Divine Sovereign, so how in the world…

“...” This time, not even Hua Qingying could give her a response.

For the first time in her life, the sharp eyes that saw only infinite swords—the eyes that belonged to the sword immortal alone—were focused on an unfamiliar man who was only a Divine Sovereign.

Meanwhile, Yun Che was looking down on Zhai Liancheng and showering him with compliments, “What a wonderful sword you are. A sword like you cannot be nameless.”

“Hmm… I shall call you… the Liancheng Sword.”

It was only proper. After all, this sword had been bold enough to insult Emperor Yun to his face.

Mo Cangying still hadn’t lowered his arms yet. He was just too stunned to notice that he had been maintaining this posture for some time.

Meanwhile, the silence had finally been shattered by the most chaotic uproar the Qilin Divine Domain had ever experienced in its time.

“W-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-what the hell just happened?” Countless people stuttered like they were born with the condition.

“He… a Divine Sovereign… nine Divine Masters… one hit…”

“I must be dreaming. Can someone please slap me awake? Never mind, I’ll do it myself!”

“What the flying fuck just happened here? This can’t be possible, right? Just who… is this man?”

……

Meanwhile, Zhai Kexie had finally jolted back to reality. Livid beyond imagination, he stepped forward and roared, “Let go of my son, Yun Che! Let go of him, NOW!!”

His profound energy exploded together with his voice. The powerful aura of a Half-Step Divine Extinction Realm profound practitioner instantly swept across the whole battlefield.

Zhai Liancheng was his proudest son and the next sect master of the Boulder Profound Sect. To think that he would be… used like a…

Who could possibly endure this shame!? 

Zhai Kexie’s shout was so loud that it overwhelmed even the uproar. In response, Yun Che spun around and pointed the Liancheng Sword straight at Zhai Kexie, shouting, “Sect Master of the Boulder Profound Sect! You dare disrupt this sacred battle while an Abyssal Knight is watching!? Are you besmirching the Pure Land’s authority!?”

Yun Che’s shout was even louder than Zhai Kexie’s, but it was nothing compared to the content of his shout. To give an example, it was like he had poured a bucket of pure shit over Zhai Kexie’s head. The words “besmirching the Pure Land’s authority” especially stabbed Zhai Kexie right through the heart and froze his aura instantly.

Wen Lei was lucky he was too busy rescuing Wan Chongyue and Wan Chongshan. By the time he tried to blow his top, Yun Che had already frozen everyone with a most damning accusation.

“You… You!” Zhai Kexie trembled like a leaf while jabbing his finger at Yun Che again and again. If gestures could kill, Yun Che would be dead a million times over. His face was so red it was comedic, and a single thread of rationality was the one thing that was stopping him from killing Yun Che.

“I, what?” Yun Che gave his sword a wave and manifested a sheen of red sword wave over Zhai Liancheng’s straight, sharp hair. He pointed straight at Zhai Kexie’s nose and taunted, “Did I break a rule?”

“YOU… YOU!!!” Zhai Kexie was this close from popping an eyeball or two.

Countless people had pointed their weapons at him in his life. There were swords, blades, spears, halberds and more. But his own son?

Just a day ago, Zhai Liancheng was the strongest Qilin Abyss Realm profound practitioner of his age. His name was practically synonymous with praise. But after today? He could already see the headlines: “Zhai Liancheng is the great sword that crushed ten Thousand Blade Sect profound practitioners in just three breaths!”

The comedy and shame would never be forgotten.

They could roll forward time ten thousand years, and they would find no one would ever surpass this “feat”.

“Boulder Profound Sect Master.” Ximen Borong finally spoke up. “Please remain calm. This is the Qilin Abyss Conference. Do not let your impulses get the better of you.”

Calm my fucking ass! You would’ve killed the little shit already if that was your son on the stage!

Zhai Kexie’s pores were trembling with fury. He was biting his teeth so hard that blood was seeping out of his gums and into his throat. While glaring daggers at Yun Che, he forced himself to speak in as rational a voice as he could manage, “If you’re going to kill him, then just do it. But what you’re doing right now… is ruthless… belittling…”

“Actually, killing someone would be breaking the rules,” Yun Che explained calmly, “But being ruthless or belittling someone? Either of those is perfectly fine.”

“You are the one who recited the rules, Boulder Profound Sect Master. Everyone here heard them loud and clear,” Yun Che turned serious and declared in a righteous tone once more, “So why are you openly breaking the rules yourself? It seems that someone has acted as he pleased for so long that he has forgotten about the Abyssal Monarch’s gift or the Pure Land’s dignity!”

“YOU!!” Zhai Keixie damned near spat out in blood there and then.

“Boulder Profound Sect Master,” Ximen Boyun said, “Withdraw!”

Zhai Kexie’s chest heaved up and down for a time. It took him multiple deep breaths before he finally gathered the strength to withdraw his profound energy. “I… got ahead of myself, Sir Knight. I implore you to overlook my mistake.”

Ximen Boyun lowered his gaze and said, “The battle may resume.”

Yun Che suddenly looked up and stared at Ximen Boyun directly. “Did I hear you correctly? Not only did the Boulder Profound Sect Master interfere with the battle, he has broken multiple rules up to this point. Should he receive at least some form of punishment? Surely you’re not suggesting that a single reprimand is enough?”

The air in the Qilin Divine Domain suddenly froze.

Helian Lingzhu, Ku Xian and Mo Cangying wore frightened looks as well.

It was because Yun Che was directly questioning an Abyssal Knight’s integrity.

Ximen Boyun furrowed his brow as he replied coldly, “The Boulder Profound Sect Master acted impulsively, but it was for an understandable reason. He also stopped himself before he did any real damage, so it does not count as true interference.”

“It doesn’t count as true interference?”

Yun Che channeled his profound energy and forced a glob of blood out of the corner of his lips. He wiped it away with his bare hand and did not bother to cleanse it with his profound aura.

“The Boulder Profound Sect Master is a powerful Half-Step Divine Extinction Realm profound practitioner, whereas I am just an insignificant Divine Sovereign! Are you seriously suggesting that his profound energy is something I, a mere Divine Sovereign, can endure without any repercussions!?”

Zhai Kexie would’ve spat Yun Che in the face if he could. If he was “merely” an “insignificant” Divine Sovereign, then no Divine Sovereign in the world could lift their heads high!

“That little stunt he pulled earlier has dealt me quite the internal injury! If my body and willpower weren’t strong enough—if I was anyone else—I would be unable to continue this battle already!”

Yun Che’s voice slowly took on an indignant tone, “My injuries are severe, and you’re telling me it doesn’t count as ‘true interference’?”

Ximen Boyun’s frown deepened some more. “I have already given you an inch, Yun Che. Do not try and test me!”

There was a kind of simmering anger behind his words. It was subtle, but it was enough to freeze everyone in place.

Bang!!

There was a loud bang as Yun Che’s sword suddenly dropped to the floor. Zhai Liancheng’s entire head was planted in the ground as a result.

“~！@#￥%...” Zhai Kexie nearly went on another rampage there and then.

“If I may be so bold, Sir Knight,” Yun Che met Ximen Boyun’s imposing stare head on and uttered in a low tone, “Have I so much as bent the rules so far?”Witness the genesis of this narrative, streaming from Nøv€lß¡n★

“... No,” Ximen Boyun’s heart sank as he answered. He was pressuring Yun Che with the soul of a Half-God, and yet the young man wasn’t reacting at all!?

Just who in the world is…

Yun Che raised his voice some more. “Zhai Kexie is a Half-Step Divine Extinction Realm profound practitioner, and he interrupted the battle and injured me with his power to save his son. This is a severe breach of the rules, am I right?”

“...” Ximen Boyun couldn’t deny the truth of his words.

“Hah!” Yun Che let out a mocking, indignant scoff. “Everyone knows that becoming a Half-God isn’t the only prerequisite to become an Abyssal Knight of the Pure Land. One must go through the test of soul and willpower as well.”

“A noble soul and an unbending will—these are the fundamental principles of becoming an Abyssal Knight! As the Abyssal Monarch Himself is the only one who is qualified to make someone a knight, you represent not just the Pure Land, but also the Abyssal Monarch!”

“Before the battle began, you declared that no evil, filth, or injustice would be tolerated on this battlefield.”

“BUT!” His gaze abruptly turned hot with fury. “When Zhai Kexie openly disrupted the battle, broke the rules, and even injured a participant, you did not punish him in any way. You only told him to back off.”

“Not only that, when I, the victim of this incident, pointed this out in an attempt to maintain at least a facade of fairness, you actually tried to cow me into submission!?”

“Is this what you call nobility? Is this how you represent the Pure Land and the Abyssal Monarch!?”

Ximen Boyun abruptly rose to his feet. His clothes were billowing with clear anger.

He glared at Yun Che like he would eat him alive, but for a long time, he could not say a word. The surrounding gazes suddenly felt as sharp as needles as well.

“His mouth is incredible,” Hua Caili exclaimed in soft admiration. The name “Yun Che” was unwittingly carved into her heart as well.

“... It really is,” Hua Caiying surprised her by agreeing as well.

Rumble!!

A terrific amount of profound energy exploded out of Ximen Boyun. It was the forcefield and aura of a Half-God. At that moment, it was like the sky itself had collapsed, and countless profound practitioners found themselves unable to breathe.

Just when they all thought that Ximen Boyun would lose control of his anger and attack Yun Che, the Abyssal Knight threw a slap…

SLAP!!

… right across Zhai Kexie’s face. It was such a heavy, loud slap that it could be heard even five kilometers away. A Half-Step Divine Extinction Realm profound practitioner was strong, but of course he could not compare to a Half-God. Zhai Kexie was slapped so hard that he hit the ground and bounced several times before he finally caught himself. He sprayed such a long line of blood that one could trace it stretched ten kilometers at the very least.

Wan Lei shuddered when he saw this. He thanked his past self for failing to succumb to his impulse in time.

“Boulder Profound Sect Master!” Ximen Boyun uttered angrily and shakily, “I have dished out this punishment for your malicious interruption of the Qilin Abyss Conference! If you do this again… I will cancel the Boulder Profound Sect’s right to enter the Qilin God Realm!”

His final sentence came as such a shock that everyone in the Boulder Profound Sect nearly collapsed to their knees.

“You must stay calm, sect master! You must stay calm!”

Zhai Kexie had just climbed to his feet when he heard every elder in the Boulder Profound Sect begging for him to stay calm via sound transmission. Blood jetted out of his orifices once more, and this time he fell unconscious from sheer fury.

“Are you satisfied now, Yun Che?” Ximen Boyun’s tone was calm, but his grinding teeth told a very different story.

“Yes I am!” Yun Che smiled and nodded in satisfaction. “This is how an Abyssal Knight is supposed to act!”

Bang!

Ximen Boyun accidentally snapped his armrest.

Zhai Kexie woke up from his short nap and discovered in despair that he wasn’t dreaming. As his elders lifted him to his feet, he spat out a couple of crushed teeth and growled at the participants on the battlefield, “Are you dead? Save Liancheng now!!”

The nine Boulder Profound Sect disciples had been stunned and terrified until their sect master’s roar finally snapped them out of it. Knowing that hell awaited them if they didn’t take action, they steeled themselves and rushed toward Yun Che.

Unlike the Thousand Blade Sect disciples, no one dared to underestimate Yun Che even a little. The full power of nine Divine Masters was such that the entire Qilin Divine Domain was shaking a little.

Yun Che grabbed his Liancheng Sword and pushed Mo Cangying away before he could rush over to help him. Then, he shot forward using Extreme Mirage Lightning and executed a devastating Fallen Heavenly Wolf.

Rumble!!

And so, Zhaai Liancheng’s head gave birth to another galaxy…

A massive Heavenly Wolf howled in the sky. His power was such that all nine Divine Masters were pushed back in an instant. In fact, their boulder profound energy crumbled completely in just the span of two breaths.

Yun Che blurred and appeared right in the middle of the nine Boulder Profound Sect Divine Masters. Then, he launched a Destroying Sky Decimating Earth toward the ground.

BOOM—

Over half of the battlefield was flipped into the air just like that. Of course, it included the nine Boulder Profound Sect disciples.

Everyone’s eyeballs bulged like they would explode when they saw this.

At the center of the disaster, Yun Che leisurely turned around and summoned a storm around his sword. Then, he casually tossed his sword toward the nine disciples.

Zhai Liancheng spun like a top as the storm energy expanded into a gigantic storm that spanned fifty kilometers. It easily pulled the nine Divine Masters in before tossing them hundreds of kilometers away.

Swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh…

The Liancheng Sword had completed its duty. Like a boomerang, it circled back to Yun Che with perfect precision.

Yun Che did not catch his sword, however. Instead, he kicked it right at the center and planted it on the ground once more. Head first, of course.

While crouching down to meet Zhai Liancheng’s colorless eyes, he complimented, “You’re a true gentleman, Young Master Zhai. I wasn’t expecting you to beat up your own people on top of taking out the Thousand Blade Sect. You didn’t even hold back your strength! How can I ever repay you for this favor?”

