

Chapter 810 - Bloodstained Jasmine (6)

  

 Given the fame and prestige the Four Great Sacred Grounds had in the Profound Sky Continent, even though a sect master of the strongest powers within the Seven Nations would dare to kill the emperor of one of these nations, they would definitely not have the guts to kill even the lowliest disciple from any of the Four Great Sacred Grounds.


 Even if it was the Four Great Sacred Grounds themselves, they would still heavily weigh the pros and cons before deciding to kill even an ordinary disciple from another Sacred Ground. So, they would definitely never consider killing someone who was at the level of an elder... Moreover, the elders of the Sacred Grounds were not people that were so easily killed. If it ever truly occurred, it would definitely provoke the wrath of that entire Sacred Ground.


 However, in the blink of an eye, the Three Sword Attendants who represented the pinnacle of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region’s power and were pillars which supported the prestige and renown of their Sacred Ground had been mowed down along with twenty five of their elders. Their fresh blood stained the floor red, their blood pooling at the feet of their fellow members of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region. Even the Sword Master himself had fallen to the ground. But none of them had reacted in fury nor did any of them dare to rush forward. Instead, the only thing that any of them did was to tremble uncontrollably as boundless terror seized their hearts.


 Because they had seen the girl in the red dress kill the Three Sword Attendants and elders of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region with an ease that was contemptuous. The normally incredibly arrogant and haughty elders of a Sacred Ground were like grass before her. They knew that if they rushed forward, they would only be delivering themselves as sheep to the slaughter.


 “Are you... even human...” Xuanyuan Wentian gasped, his left hand propping himself up off the ground. He could no longer lift up his mangled and bloody right arm.


 For the sake of obtaining the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword, he had schemed up a malicious plot and destroyed the Eternal Night Royal Family. In order to break the seal on the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword, he waited patiently for one thousand years, planning and preparing for this very day. When the day finally arrived, it had all gone according to his plan... the seal on the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword had been completely broken.


 If he was able to obtain the Mirror of Samsara, the “Heavenly Profound Treasure” that the devil soul in the sword had told him about, from Yun Che, his plan would have been perfectly completed.


 But he had never dreamed that such a terrifying girl would appear at the end, causing all of his schemes to go up in smoke... He understood very clearly that even if he obtained the full power of the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword, he would definitely not be able to resist the girl in the red dress, given her strength that rivalled devils and gods... in fact, he would not even be qualified to carry her shoes for her.


 The Devil Sword Conference had gone entirely according to his wishes and had followed his plan to a tee. He had even obtained the most desirous result from this whole affair... However, before he could even grasp the power of the devil sword, he had already offended a dreadful demon god whose strength was millions of times greater than that of the devil sword.


 Furthermore, the current him was like a pathetic little worm that was cowering at the feet of this young girl who had the powers of a demon god.


 Jasmine floated in the air, her lips curled into a cold and mocking smile that did not suit her tender youth, “Xuanyuan Wentian, you were truly impressive and awe-inspiring just a moment ago, weren’t you? First, you wanted to capture Yun Che. Next, you wanted to kill this princess. But now that this princess is right in front of you, where did that pompousness go!?”


 “...” The corner of Xuanyuan Wentian’s mouth twisted as his eyes widened into saucers. He still could not feel a hint of profound energy emanating from Jasmine’s body and she had made no move to suppress or seal Xuanyuan Wentian’s profound energy. But just from her gaze alone, Xuanyuan Wentian felt his body go weak and limp, felt his soul tremble and quake. He nearly could not find the strength to even stand.


 Jasmine’s gaze shifted as she looked in the direction of the contingent from Mighty Heavenly Sword Region. Under her gaze, the remaining elders of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region, who were all already on the verge of breaking down in terror, felt their bodies go cold. It was as if they had been abruptly plunged into the coldest and iciest abyss and it felt like even their blood was going to freeze and congeal completely. Xuanyuan Wendao, who had been standing at the forefront, gave a strangled cry as he scrambled backwards in panic before he tripped over himself and landed on his butt.


 Jasmine’s gaze zoomed past all of them before finally settling on the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword that was at the back. She casually extended her small and delicate hand.


 Whoosh!


 With a light ring, the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword had practically teleported into Jasmine’s hand. As he stared at the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword that was being held by Jasmine, Xuanyuan Wentian felt his entire body stiffen but he did not dare to make even a single sound.


 “Heh, what a good devil sword.” Jasmine’s gaze bored holes into the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword... and the sword’s body actually started to faintly tremble under her gaze.


 “To think that a famed ancient devil sword would weaken to such a pathetic state. It looks like the million year seal laid down by the Evil God had indeed destroyed the contract it had with that devil, so the sword has become an independent existence that was separate from the devil’s body. But after that, it was ravaged by the seal until it was reduced to this state.”


 Jasmine muttered words that only Yun Che would understand. Her delicate brows slanted and she said in a low voice, “I indeed had not expected that this severely ravaged devil soul had not been extinguished after being thrown into the Profound Sky Continent for ten thousand years. It is still alive right now but it has been reduced to a pathetic snake that is wagging its tail and begging for pity... This is truly a pitiful and pathetic sight.”


 “You’re so pitiful that this princess can’t even be bothered to destroy you!” Jasmine said with an extremely disdainful and cold laugh. After that, she flung her hand out and threw the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword far far away... The instant she came into contact with the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword, she discovered that there was still an extremely weak devil soul that remained within it. Both she and Yun Che knew that the devil soul within the sword was the soul of the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign’s son. The fact that he was able to survive to this point without dissipating completely was a miracle in and of itself. However, even though he had survived up to now, he was in an extremely weak and vulnerable state. Even if the devil sword was thrown back into the same kind of darkness environment as the Moon Slaughter Devil Nest, the soul within would still dissipate into nothingness before long.


 What provoked her contempt was the fact that despite being the soul of an ancient devil god, he did not possess even the slightest shred of dignity or pride. The moment the sword had fallen into Jasmine’s hands, he began to shiver in fear as he desperately begged for his life. He was worse than even the most pathetic and spineless human being. This caused Jasmine to be filled with such contempt and disdain that she could not even be bothered to wipe the devil soul out of existence.


 The Heavenly Sin Divine Sword flew to the borders of the Sea God Arena, zipping past many people as it flew forward. However, not a single person dared to touch it. In the end, it landed in front of someone and he unconsciously reached out with his hand to grab it.


 Feng Juechen grabbed the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword that suddenly flew in front of him. He was still rather dumbstruck by the whole chain of events.


 “Fen Juechen.” Jasmine said in a cold voice, “Yun Che has always felt some guilt towards you, so let this be his recompense towards you. Furthermore, this is something that is supposed to belong to you in the first place. It will give you the power to kill Xuanyuan Wentian one day and it will also lessen the pain that torments you night and day. Take it and fly as far away as you can right now! Henceforth, all of our grievances and resentment will be washed clean. But if you still fail to appreciate my kindness after this day, then this princess will definitely give you a dog’s death!”


 Fen Juechen hoisted the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword and glanced once at Xuanyuan Wentian, who was collapsed on the ground, before he turned around and left without saying a word. In the blink of an eye, he disappeared from the view of everyone present.


 Fen Juechen had already personally experienced just how dreadful and terrifying Jasmine was several months ago. From that time onwards, he knew that as long as she was around, he would never be able to kill Yun Che.


 Within Xuanyuan Wentian’s plot, he would have come up with a way for Fen Juechen to “covertly” snatch away the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword after the seal on the sword had been broken and he would do it in a way that seemed “only natural”. At this moment, he just saw the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword being taken away by Fen Juechen but he could not even bring himself to laugh.


 “Xuanyuan Wentian, this princess is going to ask you a question. You better answer me as honestly as you can.” Jasmine said as the corners of her lips curled up slightly, “Of course, you can choose not to answer or to lie to me. But I’m afraid that you won’t be able to bear the consequences of those actions!”


 “Wha... what do you want to ask?” Xuanyuan Wentian stammered.


 “This princess wants to ask you this.” Jasmine said as her voice turned cold, “Twenty three years ago, who was the person who killed Xiao Ying in Floating Cloud City!?”


 The question posed by Jasmine caused Yun Che’s head to jerk upwards as his stare bored holes into Xuanyuan Wentian. He knew that Jasmine was asking this question for his sake alone.


 He also knew now that Jasmine definitely would not kill Xuanyuan Wentian today and even if she found out the answer to her question, she would not kill that person either... Because she had said something several times before. A personal vendetta must be settled personally!


 Xuanyuan Wentain’s eyes shivered. Behind him, Xuanyuan Wendao, who had just been carefully supported up off the ground by the elders of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region, felt his whole body spasm as his legs went soft once more. If not for the fact that his arms were being held up by two elders, he would have fallen to the ground again... It was just that his legs started trembling intensely and he could not stop the shaking.


 Yun Che had clearly witnessed Xuanyuan Wendao’s reaction... and it naturally did not escape Jasmine’s spiritual perception either.


 It was him... it was Xuanyuan Wentian’s son—Xuanyuan Wendao!!


 Yun Che’s hands tightened into fists as all the veins on his arms and his forehead stood out in fury and a bone-piercing and icy killing intent filled his body... But he did not utter a word nor did he make a move against Xuanyuan Wendao. Instead, he was desperately suppressing his own rage and killing intent.


 Because he had sworn to Xiao Lie before that he would personally capture the main culprit behind death of Xiao Ying and the destruction of his family and bring him before Xiao Lie so that Xiao Lie could be the one to punish him, give vent to his feelings and bring an end to his existence!


 He wanted to do it personally, not do it by borrowing Jasmine’s power!!


 This was his vow and also his dignity!


 “It wa... was Guxing, my Mighty Heavenly Sword Region’s Great Elder Xuanyuan Guxing!” Xuanyuan Wentian pointed a finger at Xuanyuan Guxing’s corpse as he stammered out a response.


 It was indeed Xuanyuan Wendao who had killed Xiao Ying all those years ago. But Xuanyuan Wendao was his son, so how could he tell the truth... Instead, he laid it at the feet of someone who was already dead and had held an extremely exalted position within the Mighty Heavenly Sword Region. It was undoubtedly the best choice he could make.


 “Oh... Is that so.” Jasmine said with a faint smile. Her smiling face was not the least bit innocent but her smile was so bright and beautiful that it would cause all the light in the world to darken and lose its luster. However, to Xuanyuan Wentian who was the closest to her, that smile resembled the mocking laugh of the god of death.


 “Just now this princess reminded you that if you told me a lie, there would be very serious consequences... It looks like you won’t weep till you see your own coffin!!”


 As Jasmine’s voice fell, she raised her small hand and thrust it towards the sky.


 BOOOOOOOOM——————————


 The blue dome of the sky was split open as the world shook and the thousands of kilometers of ocean surrounding them was rocked by giant waves. In the part of the sky that was so high up that there were no clouds, a huge spatial rift tore open with an explosive boom. As everyone’s eyes nearly exploded in shock and horror, the spatial rift abruptly and rapidly expanded and instantly grew tens of kilometers wide!!


 The light dimmed by several degrees as a black hole that was tens of kilometers wide shockingly appeared in the sky above Supreme Ocean Palace!!


 Hoarse screams of shock and terror blanketed the air as it grated against the ears. A spatial rift that was tens of kilometers wide... They could scarcely believe their eyes and they could scarcely believe that someone actually possessed such power... No, even if it were the legendary gods, there was no way they possessed such terrifying might!!


 The long and narrow spatial rift was at least thirty to thirty five kilometers in length. It did not warp or contract, instead, it seemed like a pitch black cloud that silently hung across the sky.


 Even Yun Che, the person who was most familiar with Jasmine’s power, had been so shocked that his eyes nearly popped out of their sockets when he saw this spatial rift which stretched for tens of kilometers, much less anyone else.


 He knew that Jasmine’s power was immeasurably terrifying, but he had never known the true extent of her power... Because her power was on a level that completely and utterly surpassed the knowledge he had gathered over two lives.
This essence is securely nested within the heart of Nøv€lß¡n★

 A large stretch of land could swiftly be seen amidst that spatial rift. Given the eyesight of the present audience, they could also clearly see the strange and wondrous flowers and plants that covered the ground, several buildings and pavilions and even herds of profound beasts and groups of people.


 These profound beasts and humans were all wailing in extreme shock and terror.


 Within the span of a few short breaths, a gigantic piece of land that was more than thirty kilometers in width was hanging in the sky five kilometers above the ground. After that, the spatial rift that stretched tens of kilometers disappeared and all of the land that hung in the air remained there and all the living and dead things on it followed suit. All of it remained suspended in the air and not a single grain of dirt fell to the ground. There were only the many miserable voices that seemed to be screaming from the depths of a purgatory that continually rang out... Even though there was a distance of five kilometers between them, it still tore at the heart.


 Very quickly, the members of the Four Sacred Grounds... especially those from Mighty Heavenly Sword Region, discovered to their shock and horror that this piece of land that was floating in front of them was unspeakably familiar.


 “Tha... tha... that is... that is... the Northern Region... It’s the Northern Region!!” Mighty Heavenly Sword Region’s Ninth Elder Xuanyuan Jue wailed in an extremely terrified voice. the few words he uttered causing blood to gush out from his throat.


 It was also this blood-filled wail that alerted everyone... especially the members of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region and it fiercely confirmed a truth that was more dreadful than any nightmare.


 “The Northern... Northern Region! Ahh—”


 “It’s... it’s not possible... I must be dreaming... This isn’t possible!!”


 “How could such a thing happen... How could such a thing possibly happen...”


 “That is indeed... Mighty Heavenly Sword Region’s Northern Region.” Absolute Monarch Sanctuary’s Spiritual Master Nine Lamentations mumbled, “I have been there many times... so I’m definitely not mistaken...”


 Mighty Heavenly Sword Region was split into six regions. They were called the Eastern Region, Western Region, Southern Region, Northern Region, Central Region and Sword Region. Among these, the Central Region was located at the core of the entire Mighty Heavenly Sword Region. It was the heart of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region as well. The Sword Region was for cultivation and sparring and it was also used as a testing ground.


 But in the entire Mighty Heavenly Sword Region, the region that was the most heavily guarded and at the same time, the most important was the Northern Region, which was also the smallest in size.


 Because the Northern Region was the medicine garden of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region!!


 That place was where a large amount of spirit pellets and medicines were grown, made and stockpiled. Every single stalk or pellet was worth an entire city and all of them were exceedingly rare and precious. At the same time, it was also where many precious profound beasts that could be used in the refining of medicine were being reared. All of these things were the result of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region’s ten thousand years of accumulation! It was the most important resource stockpile which supported Mighty Heavenly Sword Region.


 It was not the least bit exaggerated to say that if the Northern Region were to be destroyed, it would wipe out half of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region’s ten thousand year foundation.


 Regardless of the Sacred Ground, it would be the equivalent!


 “Ah... you... You ... You ... You...” Xuanyuan Wentian was so shocked that it seemed like his spirit had flown out of his body.


 In terms of distance, Mighty Heavenly Sword Region was the closest to Supreme Ocean Palace among the Four Sacred Grounds but there was still a distance of an entire thirty five thousand kilometers that separated the two!!


 With the flip of her hand, Jasmine could tear open a spatial rift that was tens of kilometers in length and in the blink of an eye, she could pluck up a piece of land that was thirty kilometers wide and thirty five thousand kilometers away and teleport it all here instantly...


 What kind of heavenly power was this!?


 Xuanyuan Wentian and everyone else present today... All of the fear and shock they had ever felt in their lifetimes would not even be a fraction of the fear and shock that they felt at this moment.


 “Xuanyuan Wentian, you’d better open up your eyes and witness the consequences of not being obedient when you are in the presence of this princess!”


 Jasmine’s calm and indifferent voice contained a peculiar cruelty as she slowly spread open the small and tender white hand that was raised to the sky


 BOOOOOOOOM——————————


 A huge explosion once again rocked the ocean thousands of kilometers around them, sending huge waves billowing into the sky.


 The landmass that was hanging upside down in the air—The Mighty Heavenly Sword Region’s Northern Region was being torn apart in a massive mid-air explosion. No matter whether it was the earth, spirit medicines, profound beasts, the disciples who were guarding the place or all the pharmacists belonging to Mighty Heavenly Sword Region. In a single instant, all of them were reduced to dust as they were obliterated in the air.


 Even after a long time had passed, not even a mote of dust had drifted down from the air.


 Everything had been completely annihilated and there was not even a trace or scar left behind by their destruction, much less any physical remains.


 Time flowed in a dreadful, cold and isolated silence and for a very long time, not a single sound could be heard.


 Boundless terror had seized the hearts of everyone present, causing them to shake in their boots as their courage crumbled away.


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s face was as gray as dead ash while Huangji Wuyu, Qu Fengyi and Ye Meixie had all turned as white as a sheet. It was as if all four of them had just contracted a deadly illness.


 This Chapter’s Teaser

