

Chapter 1663 - Heartrending (2)

 Chi Wuyao did not turn around. She merely laughed before she spoke unhurriedly, “This queen doesn’t really mind. However... this is Burning Moon’s capital and you are Burning Moon’s emperor. Did you think of what consequences there will be if you so happen to lose?”


 The Burning Moon God Emperor’s face suddenly went stiff.


 The god emperors were the masters of the king realms. Within the Primal Chaos Dimension, they were the most exalted existences under heaven.


 The god emperors would not lose, but they also could not lose. If they did, it was akin to their entire king realm’s convictions and spiritual support collapsing.


 It was not that the Burning Moon God Emperor had miscalculated by ignoring this important consequence. Rather... he had been a god emperor for so long that the word “defeat” was no longer contained in his subconscious mind any longer. It was not something he would consider.


 Yet, he was the one who had suggested the duel, so how could he simply retract his request now? His expression went through a series of changes and he looked as if he was finding it hard to wriggle out of this self-inflicted predicament.


 As she sensed the Burning Moon God Emperor’s aura fluctuating behind her, Chi Wuyao already knew what he was thinking. She said, “Since the Burning Moon God Emperor is so anxious to witness the power of the Eternal Calamity of Darkness, how can this queen disappoint you?”


 “Qianying, why don’t you give the Burning Moon God Emperor some instruction? Let him properly witness why it is called the Eternal Calamity of Darkness!”


 All eyes instantly fell on Qianye Ying’er.


 A level eight Divine Master and a god emperor, the difference between the two was like the difference between heaven and earth. Still, Chi Wuyao had actually used the word “instruction”.


 However... when Chi Wuyao said those words, Qianye Ying’er’s face subtly tensed up.


 She was standing behind Yun Che, so neither Chi Wuyao or Yun Che noticed the rather strange change in her expression.


 But the Burning Moon God Emperor had clearly noticed it.


 Fury appeared on the faces of all the people from the Burning Moon Realm! Chi Wuyao had actually asked a level eight Divine Master to replace her in a duel against their emperor! This was nothing less than a deliberate insult and humiliation!


 “...” The Burning Moon God Emperor’s brow furrowed.


 “What’s wrong? Do you think that she isn’t worthy? Or are... you afraid?” Chi Wuyao said with a very soft laugh.


 “Heh heh.” The Burning Moon God Emperor also started laughing. He looked straight at Qianye Ying’er, a strange light glowing in his eyes. “The name of the Eastern Divine Region’s Brahma Monarch Goddess has resounded in this king’s ears like thunder since a few centuries ago. Being able to personally meet her is my great fortune, so where is this talk of being worthy or unworthy coming from?”


 “This king isn’t the one who seems to be afraid.”


 Qianye Ying’er slowly raised her head, a cold, soul-piercing light suddenly flashing through her golden eyes. Her lips curled up into an extremely beautiful smile so cold and terrifying that it chilled one’s soul. “Are you saying... that I’m afraid? Heh! Just who do you think you’re talking to?”


 Everyone in the universe bowed their heads in fear when they faced a god emperor.


 But what sort of personage had Qianye Ying’er been!? She had once soared to the same heights as a god emperor, she had once been the successor of the number one god emperor in the Eastern Divine Region. Back when she was in the Eastern Divine Region, she had toyed with an entire herd of god emperors who continuously circled in the palm of her hands.


 How could she be afraid of the Burning Moon God Emperor, someone who jumped at the sight of Chi Wuyao’s shadow!?


 “Since that is the case, let’s limit this duel to seven attacks.” Chi Wuyao’s words swiftly followed Qianye Ying’er own response. “If the Burning Moon God Emperor is unable to attain victory within seven strikes, then there won’t really be any need for you to have a duel with this queen.”


 “Of course, if the Burning Moon God Emperor is truly afraid, you can simply decline.”


 Chi Wuyao had tactfully declined the Burning Moon God Emperor’s invitation to duel, and she had even graciously reminded him of the consequences if he were to lose...


 As if she was truly that kind hearted!


 Her rejection had clearly conveyed a certain message. That message was that he, the Burning Moon God Emperor, was not fit to stand on the same level as her. By sending out Qianye Ying’er, whose cultivation was at the eighth level of the Divine Master Realm, she was basically stating that the Burning Moon God Emperor was not on her level.


 The words “if the Burning Moon God Emperor is truly afraid, you can simply decline” nearly caused all of the Moon Eaters to explode in anger.


 If he rejected her proposal, it meant that he was afraid.


 If he accepted, without taking into account the damage it would do to his position, if... if he was not able to suppress his opponent within seven strikes, that would be far more embarrassing than losing to Chi Wuyao in front of everyone.


 Fen Daozang took a step forward and roared in a heavy voice, “Is a mere level eight Divine Master worthy of dueling with our king? Allow this old one to take our king’s place for this battle.”


 “It’s fine.”


 The one who said those two words was the Burning Moon God Emperor himself.


 Fen Daozang was immediately stunned by those words and bewilderment covered his face.


 The Burning Moon God Emperor slowly stepped forward as he said, “This king has not crossed swords with a level eight Divine Master for many years. If it is the Brahma Monarch Goddess who I am to duel, that really isn’t such a bad deal.”


 “Furthermore...” The Burning Moon God Emperor slowly raised his hand, his expression calm and unruffled. “How can we use the common sense of this era to measure the Eternal Calamity of Darkness that the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor left to him. If this king is truly unable to defeat her within seven attacks, then even if I lose all of my dignity in the process, I will still be utterly satisfied with the result.”


 “The Burning Moon God Emperor is truly magnanimous, this queen is filled with admiration for you.” Even Chi Wuyao’s praise seemed to be mocking him.


 “Brahma Monarch Goddess, I await your instruction.”


 The Burning Moon God Emperor no longer wasted time with words. He flung out the long sleeve of his robe and a gigantic barrier instantly engulfed the area as his energy field unfurled itself invisibly.


 In an instant, it felt as if the heavens and earth had slowed down and the air rippled like water. A burning dark moon appeared behind him and from that moment onward, it seemed as if the entire world had started revolving around him.


 Burning Moon Royal City instantly fell into utter silence. Even people in areas five thousand kilometers from the capital could sense their god emperor’s transcendent energy field.


 Qianye Ying’er gave a soft snort. Her figure blurred and reappeared inside the barrier.
The initial instance of this chapter being available happened at N0v3l.Bin.

 She coldly said, “My name is Yun Qianying!”


 She was clearly only a level eight Divine Master, but she did not flinch in front of this god emperor or his energy field and the darkness aura radiating from her body did not feel the least bit agitated.


 Her response caused the Burning Moon God Emperor’s brows to knit together slightly.


 All of the Moon Eaters also focused their eyes on Qianye Ying’er... They were starting to believe that Chi Wuyao’s words were not only meant to provoke and humiliate the Burning Moon God Emperor.


 “Fine. Yun Qianying.” The Burning Moon God Emperor said in a calm voice. Black mist curled around his body and a dense black light started shining in his eyes. “You may attack! Let this king properly witness just how much the Eternal Calamity of Darkness can transform darkness profound energy!”


 “If this king cannot defeat you in seven blows, I’ll immediately admit my defeat!”


 Which god emperor could not suppress an eighth level Divine Master within seven blows if it was a straightforward clash of strength?


 Anyone who heard those words would think that it was a joke.


 The Burning Moon God Emperor naturally did not believe it himself. However, disbelief did not equate to disrespect.


 Back at the Imperial Heaven Tower, Qianye Ying’er had wounded a level nine Divine Master, Fourth Witch Yao Die, with the strength of an eighth level Divine Master! How could the Burning Moon God Emperor be unaware of this?


 His expression, words, and actions all seemed magnanimous and bighearted. It was as if he was unconcerned with victory or defeat, and his only motive was to bear witness to the power of the Eternal Calamity of Darkness.


 But in truth... As the emperor of the Burning Moon Realm, how could he allow himself to be defeated!?


 There was a very special reason he had accepted Chi Wuyao’s suggestion in such a straightforward manner—and that was because Qianye Ying’er had instinctively responded negatively when Chi Wuyao said those words.


 Qianye Ying’er did not waste any time talking. A devil formation opened up around her body and her darkness profound energy had already started circulating at her maximum capacity in the next instant. Shockingly enough, her energy was circulating faster than the two Witches, Chanyi and Yu Wu.


 Before looks of shock could spread on the Moon Eaters’ faces, Qianye Ying’er made a grabbing motion with her hand and as her figure flew through the air in a blur, Divine Oracle had exploded out like a golden spirit snake. It shot toward the Burning Moon God Emperor’s throat, swirling dark vortexes trailing in its wake.


 She was challenging a god emperor with the power of a level eight Divine Master... Yet neither Chi Wuyao or Yun Che showed a single hint of concern.


 This was because Qianye Ying’er had not only achieved perfect compatibility with the darkness long ago thanks to the power of Yun Che’s Eternal Calamity of Darkness. She had also absorbed a drop of the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor’s devil origin blood!


 The devil art that she cultivated was one of the devil arts the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor had left to Yun Che.


 Even though her profound strength was weaker than the Burning Moon God Emperor’s by two whole levels, her bloodline and devil art completely suppressed his own.


 There was no way she could match up to the Burning Moon God Emperor in a fight, but if the Burning Moon God Emperor wanted to defeat her within seven blows, he could keep dreaming!


 The outcome of these seven blows would turn the lives of the Burning Moon God Emperor and all the people living in the Burning Moon Realm upside down.


 Furthermore, the Burning Moon God Emperor had willingly volunteered himself as tribute. Chi Wuyao had no reason to reject him.


 As Qianye Ying’er’s attack swiftly shot toward him, the Burning Moon God Emperor suddenly felt a strange pressure. His heart sank slightly and he grew far more wary. All of the strength that he had originally been holding in reserve surged forth in this moment and gathered in his palms. After that, he slowly pushed his palms forward.


 Even the Moon Eaters themselves had never imagined that the Burning Moon God Emperor would attack with all of his might.


 A god emperor’s strength was vast and boundless. When his attack neared Qianye Ying’er, she felt as if all the light in the world had been blocked out of her vision. She could only see that hurricane of destruction that could stifle all of creation.


 Her pupils suddenly shrank abnormally.


 Her body, which had been dashing forward, came to an abrupt halt as she tried her best to withdraw Divine Oracle’s power and forcibly turn it into defense as space twisted all around her.


 “??” Chi Wuyao’s delicate brows suddenly knit together.


 “!?” Yun Che’s head jerked upwards as his expression grew grave.


 Forcefully withdrawing one’s power which had already erupted out of their body, especially near an enemy, was such a stupid thing to do that even a child who had just entered the profound realm would not try it. The only reason to ever try to do such a thing was if that person suddenly changed their mind about harming their opponent.


 Furthermore, her opponent was the Burning Moon God Emperor himself, someone whose strength far outstripped her own right now!


 As for Qianye Ying’er, she was someone whose profound strength had once reached the level of the god emperors, a true goddess whose talent in the profound way was frighteningly high.


 She was also one of the few people in the universe who did not fear any god emperor.


 Yet she had actually done something so stupid! It was as if her concentration had slipped, as if she had been bewitched by something!


 Furthermore, her actions had clearly been frantic and panicked when she tried to draw back her power, and her aura had actually started to shake and go out of control.


 All of these things were definitely not things that Qianye Ying’er would do!


 “What’s going on?” Chi Wuyao muttered to herself.


 Because Qianye Ying’er had forcefully pulled her energy back to defend herself just when it was about to explode outward, the barrier that quickly spread out from her body looked rather distorted. Her aura had also undoubtedly been thrown into great chaos because of this.


 Rumble!


 Under the might of a god emperor, Qianye Ying’er’s hastily and forcefully erected barrier instantly collapsed. But it still managed to barely resist the Burning Moon God Emperor’s power.


 “?” A trace of doubt flashed through the Burning Moon God Emperor’s eyes. His god emperor power still exploded out from him without any delay or hesitation as it raced toward Qianye Ying’er, who was backpedalling furiously.


 Her aura had been thrown into chaos for a short moment... But what was even more serious was the panic in her heart and soul. Qianye Ying’er was now more flustered than she had ever been in her life and just the act of gathering energy felt more stiff than it had ever been.


 As the Burning Moon God Emperor’s might pressed in, she could only raise up an incomplete Eternal Night Devil Formation to greet it.


 Pfft!


 When the darkness engulfed her, a deep, muffled explosion rang through the air and countless cracks appeared on Qianye Ying’er’s Eternal Night Devil Formation... The Burning Moon God Emperor pushed a palm against the empty air and a dark moon soundlessly shattered in front of Qianye Ying’er, releasing millions of black rays.


 The third attack.


 The Eternal Night Devil Formation was blasted into black powder underneath the fading light of that dark moon.


 Qianye Ying’er fell to the ground like a butterfly whose wings had been clipped, her bright red blood sprinkling in the air.


 “!!?” Yun Che shot to his feet but Chi Wuyao had already swiftly brushed past him. She instantly shattered the barrier and stretched out a hand. A dark wind swirled into life and gathered Qianye Ying’er to her side.


 The Burning Moon God Emperor withdrew his devilish energy and chuckled dryly. “Could it be that this king overestimated the Eternal Calamity of Darkness?”


 Chi Wuyao did not reply, because... she could sense that there was something very wrong with Qianye Ying’er, who lay in her arms.


 As the mask concealed Qianye Ying’er’s face, she could not see her expression. A long and thin line of blood trickled from the corner of her mouth. She had been wounded but this sort of light injury should have been nothing to her.


 However, her complexion was startlingly pale and her aura had been thrown into extreme chaos.


 “What happened?” she asked in a low voice.


 “...” Qianye Ying’er’s lips opened and when she finally spoke, she only uttered a single word that was filled with pain. “Save...”


 All of the sudden, her body went stiff and all of her pain morphed into a deep terror. Her body also suddenly became incredibly cold in just the span of a few breaths... After that, all awareness left her and she fainted dead away.


 Chi Wuyao swiftly stretched out a hand and pressed it against her chest... Her hand suddenly snapped back, as if she had touched lightning, and her jade-white fingers started to tremble as she gently closed them.


 “What’s going on?”


 Yun Che’s voice rang out behind them.


 Chi Wuyao turned around while supporting Qianye Ying’er, as she seemed to unintentionally cause the hand which Yun Che had stretched out toward Qianye Ying’er to pass through empty air. “It’s just a small injury, it’s nothing major... Let’s talk about it after we’ve left.”

