

Chapter 822 - Engagement Banquet

 Chapter 822 - Engagement Banquet


 Today would be the busiest day in the history of Phoenix City.


 The huge Divine Phoenix City had already been crammed full of people several days ago. Furthermore, everyone who came were, without exception, all famous and brilliant individuals from the various large territories. With the sole exception of Blue Wind Nation, all of the rulers of the other six nations had personally come as well. The sect masters, clan leaders and hegemons of the various large powers and sects had all personally come as well. This event was so grand that it left the residents of Divine Phoenix City, who were long used to “big events”, completely flabbergasted.


 Furthermore, it was also rumored that the Four Sacred Masters who governed the Four Great Sacred Grounds and all under heaven, existences which were akin to myth and legend, would personally arrive with all of the strongest individuals of the Sacred Grounds in tow.


 This was an event that was completely unprecedented in the history of the Divine Phoenix Empire.


 If one did not know what had happened, no one would have imagined, after looking at the spectacle that was taking place in Divine Phoenix City, that all of this hullabaloo was merely for an engagement banquet.


 From the time of Jasmine’s appearance nineteen days ago at Supreme Ocean Palace’s Sea God Arena to her departure, not even fifteen minutes had passed. Yet this short appearance had caused the entire profound world of the Profound Sky Continent to tremble in fear and it caused dramatic changes in even the most isolated parts of the continent. The high and exalted Four Great Sacred Grounds became existences which could be trampled on at any given moment. The profound practitioners of the Profound Sky Continent who were present that day still had a profound feeling that they had not woken up from a dream, every time they recalled the thirty five kilometer wide Northern Region being destroyed.


 This was a result that had been created by absolute power... and it was a result that could only created by absolute power.


 Before it had even passed nine in the morning, most of the enormous Phoenix City was already thronging with people and the guests still continued to pour in successively. The main lobby could hold thirty thousand people and every person who was received into the main lobby walked in with their backs ramrod straight as they were observed by all the other guests. All of them strode proudly into the main lobby and some even looked overwhelmed by the amount of favor they were shown. Moreover, many of the most famous and outstanding sect masters and individuals, who were amongst the elites of their nations, were relegated to one of the side halls and they did not feel the least bit slighted.


 Furthermore, the vice sect masters and the lesser powers had to be content with banquet tables that were outside of the halls.


 “Supreme Ocean Palace... Sovereign of the Seas Qu Fengyi, with Black Moon Merchant Guild Master Zi Ji, the Seven Venerable Ones of Supreme Ocean Palace, Great Elder Chen Mofeng, Second Elder... Jade-faced Demon Monarch Ji Qianrou. Twenty esteemed guests of Supreme Ocean Palace have arrived!”


 The Divine Phoenix disciple who was in charge of yelling out the names of the guests who had arrived had already been shouting for two whole hours but his voice was still resonant and deep, his aura still vigorous. Furthermore, the disciple assigned to this task was of extraordinary talent, so every time he announced a name, most of Phoenix City could hear him loud and clear. But when he announced the name of the Sovereign of the Seas, one could near a noticeable tremble in his voice.


 The uncommonly noisy Phoenix City suddenly descended into silence as all eyes were instantly directed towards the gates.


 Supreme Ocean Palace had arrived and sure enough, the Sovereign of the Seas herself had personally come! In her retinue was the Black Moon Merchant Guild Master Zi Ji, whose status was nearly equal to the Sovereign of the Seas! He was normally known to be shrouded in mystery and he very rarely made a public appearance! Even the Seven Venerable Ones were in attendance and all the elders who had come along were the ones ranked in the top ten of Supreme Ocean Palace!


 This was without a doubt the grandest party of people Supreme Ocean Palace could dispatch!


 The only one who was an exception to this rule was Ji Qianrou. But the ones in the know understood his presence, because Ji Qianrou had previously saved the lives of Yun Che and Feng Xue’er when they were on the Primordial Profound Ark... So whether it was dispatching the most ridiculously over-the-top party or the presence of Ji Qianrou, all of these things were to curry favor with Yun Che.


 Feng Hengkong took large strides as he moved forward to welcome the party who had come from Supreme Ocean Palace. Astonishingly, the Sovereign of the Seas Qu Fengyi and Zi Ji were at the forefront of this little group. Feng Hengkong immediately cupped his hands as he said, “I welcome the esteemed guests of Supreme Ocean Palace! The fact that the Sovereign of the Seas and Mister Zi are personally present inspires such gratitude and astonishment that this Hengkong can hardly bear it.”


 Feng Hengkong’s face was flushed red... this definitely was not an act, it was because he truly was extremely excited. Before this, if Supreme Ocean Palace sent someone like Ji Qianrou, who was not even equivalent to a low-ranking elder, to attend their big events, they would already be considered to be giving face to him. So he had never dreamed or even dared to dream that the Sovereign of the Seas would personally pay a visit. But this time, the Sovereign of the Seas had brought along more than ten of the most important individuals in Supreme Ocean Palace for a mere engagement banquet...


 Even though he had been the Divine Phoenix Emperor for one hundred years already, Feng Hengkong had never stood as tall and straight as he had today.


 At this moment, he even had a faint feeling that... his own position was nearly equal to that of a Sacred Master!


 Moreover, all of this had been brought about because of Yun Che (or his master to be precise)!


 “The Divine Phoenix Sect Master is being far too courteous. If this sovereign did not come for such a joyous occasion, it would truly be a pity,” Sovereign of the Seas Qu Fengyi said with a bland laugh. Even though her words and actions still had a regal air about them, she had assumed a much more withdrawn attitude in Phoenix City.


 “For the Divine Phoenix Sect Master to obtain such a fine son-in-law is the envy of the world. Today’s event is truly a matter worth celebrating,” Zi Ji said with a hearty laugh. After that he personally passed a jade box to him, “I hope that you will kindly accept our humble gift.”


 Just the box alone was made of the finest Black Enlightenment Jade, it was an extremely rare resource that was worth entire cities. So the item contained within it was definitely no ordinary trinket. Feng Hengkong’s heart grew even more excited as he smiled, “The fact that all of you distinguished personages of Supreme Ocean Palace were willing to make a personal trip down here is the greatest gift of all... Hengkong will represent his daughter to thank all of you. Ximing.”


 Feng Ximing stepped forward and respectfully received the jade box from Zi Ji’s hands. But his eyes drifted to the left and right, as if there was something occupying his thoughts.


 “May I enquire as to whether Asgard Master Yun is already inside?” Zi Ji asked in an extremely casual manner.


 “Che’er hasn’t come yet but he is already in the Divine Phoenix City. When the hour is near, he will naturally show up.”


 When he addressed Yun Che as “Che’er”, Feng Hengkong instantly felt his back stiffen even more.


 “Ah.” Zi Ji gave a faint nod of his head before retrieving a spatial which flashed with purple light, “Divine Phoenix Sect Master, this is the meager gift that our Supreme Ocean Palace has prepared for Asgard Master Yun’s master. This is given as thanks for the mercy shown to us that day. After some thought, we realized that it would be rather hard to personally meet that senior again, so we will have to trouble the Divine Phoenix Sect Master to pass this on to Asgard Master Yun so that he can present it to this master.”


 Feng Hengkong subconsciously took the ring, “Since that is the case, Hengkong will definitely not disappoint you. Once Che’er is here, I will advise him to pass it on to his master as soon as I can. It’s just that...”


 “Divine Phoenix Sect Master, please speak your mind.” Zi Ji said with a faint smile.


 Feng Hengkong replied, “Che’er’s teacher has superhuman abilities and I’m afraid that it will be hard for anything to catch her eye in this mundane place. Hengkong is truly curious as to what kind of generous gift the esteemed Supreme Ocean Palace has prepared... Could it be that Mister Zi already knows what that senior is fond of?”
This creation is firmly rooted in the depths of Nøv€lß¡n★

 “Heh heh heh.” Zi Ji laughed before speaking in an extremely soft voice, “There’s no harm in telling this to the Divine Phoenix Sect Master I suppose. This old one had recently discovered through pure coincidence that this senior perhaps has a fondness for fairy dresses that are a deep shade of red. So this old one has recently mobilized all of his guild’s power to scour the lands for the highest quality fairy dresses, in hopes of exchanging them for that senior’s smile.”


 Zi Ji was someone whose status in Supreme Ocean Palace was nearly equal to the Sovereign of the Seas but it was clear that his actions and words were an undisguised attempts to court Jasmine’s favor— and there was also no need to disguise his intent in the first place. Furthermore, because none of them knew Jasmine’s name, they could only address as her as “that senior”.


 “Ah so that was the case. I thank Mister Zi for his generosity and willingness to share,” Feng Hengkong said as he made a note to remember it.


 “Please enter the palace and be seated, your seats have already been prepared.” Feng Hengkong personally guided Qu Fengyi and her retinue into the main lobby. All at once, the crowd fell completely silent as some profound practitioners, who had never dreamed that they would be able to see the Sovereign of the Seas in their lives, gaped and gawked at her. They did not dare to make a noise and they did not even dare to breathe.


 “Sun Moon Divine Hall’s Hall Master Ye Meixie, with Young Master Ye Xinghan, Divine Envoy Heavens Equal, Divine Envoy Blazing Sun, Divine Envoy Moon Punisher, Divine Envoy Star Banisher and Divine Envoy Earth Turner... Twenty esteemed guests of Sun Moon Divine Hall have arrived!”


 Not long after Supreme Ocean Palace had arrived, yet another loud shout had attracted everyone’s attention. The members of Sun Moon Divine Hall had arrived as well and the composition of their party had been the same as Supreme Ocean Palace. The Heavenly Monarch Ye Meixie had personally come and he had also brought along the Five Divine Envoys and the highest-ranked elders with him.


 At that time, Jasmine had left behind four nightmarish wounds on Ye Meixie’s body that had tortured him for a full six days. The pain had been so bad that he was constantly wishing for either salvation or death. Even though he had escaped that nightmare more than ten days ago, one could see that he had grown noticeably thinner. His face also still had a waxy, yellow complexion and it was clear that he had not fully shaken off his trauma.


 To be able to torture a Sacred Master into this state within a few short days, one could well imagine just how dreadful that torture must have been.


 In order to protect his dignity as a Sacred Master, Ye Meixie should not have made an appearance in his current state. But today, he did not dare be absent from this event and he also had to maintain his smile as he greeted people. He did not dare to show the slightest bit of neglect or discontent.


 After Yun Che and Jasmine had split up, he flew directly towards Phoenix City. When he was nearing Phoenix City, he suddenly sensed an abnormal aura and he immediately stopped in place. His eyes locked onto a black figure that was making his way slowly towards the city below him.


 Furthermore, that black figure jerked his head towards the sky the instant Yun Che looked at him. His gaze instantly swept across Yun Che’s face and his legs also come to a stop. The baleful aura that was abruptly rising from his body resembled that of an awakened wild beast.


 “Fen Juechen? What are you doing here?” Yun Che asked as he descended from the sky to stand in front of Fen Juechen. At this moment his heart was filled with shock because Fen Juechen’s aura was completely different from what it had been when they had met more than ten days ago... One could even say that his aura had undergone a earth-shaking change. Standing in front of him, Yun Che could feel a chilling, bone-piercing gloominess radiate from his body... Even though he had exuded such a cold and gloomy aura before, his aura was more than ten times stronger and more intense now!


 His eyes had also nearly turned completely black and Yun Che could not even see any whites in his eyes.


 “I’ve come to kill someone,” Fen Juechen replied in a chilly voice. His gaze and his words contained no rage and no emotion. A large jet-black sword was strapped to his back—that was shockingly the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword that Jasmine had tossed to him.


 “Kill who?”


 “I’m here to kill Xuanyuan Wentian!” Every word that came from Fen Juechen’s mouth seemed to echo out from some deep abyss.


 “Your devil blood has awakened?” Yun Che suddenly asked. Because other than that, Yun Che could think of no other logical explanation to explain the sudden and illogical growth in Fen Juechen’s aura... Jasmine had initially said that the devil blood within the bodies of the clansmen of the Eternal Night Royal Family could be awakened using the devil soul within the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword. It had been the same for Ye Mufeng all those years ago as well. Furthermore, This had been the reason that Fen Juechen had wanted to snatch the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword in the first place.


 Jasmine had indeed mentioned that the devil soul within the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword had still not been completely extinguished. There was an extremely weak part of it that was still in existence but it was so insignificant that she had not even bothered to destroy it. Instead she threw it towards Fen Juechen and announced these words in public, “Borrowing the power of this sword, you may one day possess the ability to kill Xuanyuan Wentian...”


 It looked like Fen Juechen had already used the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword to achieve his desires.


 “Get lost!” Fen Juechen said coldly.


 “Today is the engagement date for Feng Xue’er and I, so Xuanyuan Wentian will indeed be here. If you want to kill him, please wait for the grand banquet to end. Don’t ruin the mood for Xue’er and I,” Yun Che said calmly, “Furthermore, even though your strength has risen greatly, I do not think you can kill Xuanyuan Wentian yet. You are being far too anxious and hasty.”


 “Before I change my mind to kill you first, get out of my sight!” Fen Juechen gave a low roar of fury.


 “Hmph, suit yourself,” Yun Che said as he flew into the air, not wasting any further words arguing with him. But after that, he turned around in midair and said, “I want to kill Xuanyuan Wentian even more than you do. But if you don’t want all of your painstaking effort to go to waste, then you better grit your teeth and bear it! Bear it until your victory is absolutely certain!”


 “I don’t need you to lecture me, get lost!!” Fen Juechen’s fist exploded towards the sky as dark and gloomy black energy immediately caused the light to dim.


 Yun Che turned around and did not bother with him any longer as he flew towards Phoenix City. It was already very near to the time of the engagement banquet.


 :


 I know I stated that I was going to China with mommychu to visit grannychu and was hoping to return sometime June or so, but mommychu struck again, pushing our flight to June 1st. My trip to China is also now extended from June to the middle of July. Due to this trip, the planned double daily month releases for MEN will now be even more delayed. They WILL still come out after my trip though! Any regular chapters for every one of our series will still be coming out when I’m there (MEN 7, ATG 7, SR *TBD by Patreon*). I will try my best to get them out according to schedule, but if any chapters are missed due to chinachu problems, all of them will be made up when I get home.


 I know some people do not read the chapter posts in their haste to read the chapter so I’ll be leaving this message at the bottom of each chapter as a reminder!

