

Chapter 376 - Frozen Clouds Invitation

  

 “Ahh? You want to leave the palace? Where do you want to go?” Cang Yue caught hold of Yun Che’s arm and asked nervously. Yun Che did not belong to the palace. This was something Cang Yue was very clear of, however, she did not expect him to leave so quickly.


 Yun Che laughed comfortingly: “I have not decided yet. Maybe I’ll leave Blue Wind Empire... However, don’t worry, the Divine Phoenix Sect will not find out about what happened yesterday and there is a ninety nine percent chance they won’t touch me within the short term. My decision to leave is only to take precaution against the slight chance it happens. At the same time, I will be able to prepare for the upcoming Seven Nation Ranking Tournament.”


 Cang Wanhe pondered for a moment, then said: “Che’er do you really want to participate in the Seven Nation Ranking Tournament? After your conflict with the Thirteenth Prince yesterday, when you arrive in Divine Phoenix Empire’s territory, we’re afraid you’ll... sigh. Although you have frightening talent, the Divine Phoenix Empire is really too strong. They are so strong that we can’t help but tremble every time we think about it... Within the Divine Phoenix Empire, there are Overlords! And they have more than one!”


 “I have to go.” Yun Che replied calmly: “After revealing my phoenix flames, clashing against the Divine Phoenix Sect is inevitable. Since there is no escape, it’s better for me to look for them myself.”


 Cang Wanhe was very worried, but this was quickly appeased by Yun Che. Looking at him, he slowly said: “Che’er, we believe you. With your talent and wits, we believe that even if it were Divine Phoenix Sect, you would be able to return safely!”


 “Mn, I will definitely not disappoint father.” Yun Che thought for a moment and said: “Father, do you know what the ‘Primordial Profound Ark’ is?”


 “Primordial Profound Ark...” Cang Wanhe’s expression changed, revealing an obvious yearning: “It is a mystical existence. It is shaped like that of a gigantic flying ark and its size is nearly as big as the entire Blue Wind Imperial City.”


 “That’s huge!” Yun Che was amazed.


 “Nobody knows what it actually is, or where it came from. The name Primordial Profound Ark was given by the Divine Phoenix Sect. Since a very very long time ago, it had already begun to appear above the Divine Phoenix capital. It is exceptionally high away from the ground and that height was only achievable by an Overlord.”


 “Every time it appears, it would hover at the same place for six months. On the last day of the six months, the door to the Primordial Profound Ark would open by itself for twenty four hours before closing. After that, the Primordial Profound Ark will disappear... The next time it appears would be three hundred years later. Every time on the last day before it disappears, many strong profound practitioners would try to board the Profound Ark to search for treasure. However, since the numerous times in the past, it has always ended in failure.”


 “Why do people think that that the Primordial Profound Ark holds treasure?” Yun Che asked.


 “Within the Divine Phoenix Sect, there is a special branch sect in charge of searching for treasures from all over the world. It has been rumored that every time the Primordial Profound Ark appears, the spirit stones that the branch sect use to search for treasure would give off a bright gold light. Some of the stones would even break apart. Such strange observations undoubtedly prove that there are unimaginable treasures on the Ark! Furthermore, there is nothing on Profound Sky Continent that has been able to make the stones give off a golden light.”


 “Therefore, even though the elders that have went onto the Primordial Profound Ark have not received any success in all these years, the Divine Phoenix Sect have never given up on searching. Every time the Profound Ark appears, searching the Profound Ark for treasure would be the biggest event for the clan!” Cang Wanhe paused for a moment before continuing: “Feng Xichen mentioned yesterday that the top three ranking sects would be able to enter the Primordial Profound Ark with the Divine Phoenix Sect... Every time the Primordial Profound Ark appears above the Divine Phoenix capital, the Divine Phoenix Sect would never allow people to meddle with it even if it were people from the Sacred Grounds. This is the first time they have allowed others to have the chance to explore it with them.”


 Primordial... Profound... Ark...


 What exactly was it?


 “Jasmine, do you know what is it? It seems to be extremely strange.” Yun Che said in his mind.


 Jasmine said indifferently: “I have indeed seen a profound ark so large that it’s bigger than an imperial city, but a profound ark that repeatedly appears and disappears over time, hmph, that’s the first time I’ve heard about it before. I am quite interested in this “Primordial Profound Ark” that this emperor is describing.”


 Yun Che: “...”


 At this point, following two announcements, two man dressed in extravagant clothing walked in with a formal gait. The moment they saw Yun Che and Cang Yue, their expression changed visibly.


 These two people were the Crown Prince Cang Lin and Third Prince Cang Shuo.


 “This son pays respect to royal father. We wish father longevity and good health.”


 Cang Lin and Cang Shuo was careful and respectful. There was no sign of the insolence they had before. Cang Wanhe raised his brow and waved them away: “Since you have already paid your respects, if there is nothing else, leave. We are discussing matters with Yue’er’s husband.”


 Yun Che’s actions the day before left Cang Lin and Cang Shuo with lingering fear. Seeing Yun Che this time, their scalps grew numb. They did not dare to stay for long and immediately announced their leave. Yun Che looked at them from his peripheral before turning and speaking in a stern manner: “Father, how do you want to deal with the two of them?”


 Hearing what Yun Che said, Cang Yue was shocked, she turned and looked nervously at Cang Wanhe’s reactions.


 Cang Wanhe was stunned for a moment, then, he suddenly became dejected: “Che’er, what do you think we should do?”


 Yun Che replied calmly without hesitation: “The most heartless is the Imperial Household. This phrase is a mockery of, and an attack on the imperial family. However, at the same time, it also represented the helplessness of the family. The vast history has already proven, with bloodshed, that if the emperor does things kindly, the imperial family would unquestionably be in danger. Therefore, even if we cannot bear it sometimes, we still have no choice but to be heartless... Furthermore, it was them who were heartless first! If father were to just forgive, it would be like telling the Imperial Household that rebelling and revolting is forgivable! This would tempt more people to bear the intention to revolt.”


 Cang Wanhe closed his eyes and said with a face of helplessness: “We know all of this. They had even nearly destroyed the entire Imperial Household. The attempt to murder me is undoubtedly related to them as well. Che’er, if it weren’t for you, we would have already died. Yue’er’s fate would’ve been miserable as well. The Imperial Family would have become the puppets of the Xiao Sect and Burning Heaven Clan. We hate that we cannot kill them ourselves. However... They are the only two among my sons who possess the ability to become an emperor. Otherwise, we wouldn’t have ignored their internal conflicts all this time. We would be unable to rest at ease if we pass my throne to any of the other five princes. And Yue’er just had to be a girl... On one hand, it is the crime of revolt, on the other, it is the bloodline and the Imperial Family’s future. We truly cannot make a decision.”


 “Actually, father does not need to be so conflicted. This matter is an easy choice.”


 Yun Che leaned forward and whispered secretly to Cang Wanhe’s ears.


 Cang Wanhe was shocked at first. Then, his entire body started to tremble, and his eyes revealed extreme excitement. He held onto Yun Che, and asked agitatedly: “Che’er is what you said... really true?”


 “Of course.” Yun Che said while beaming: “With my medical skills, such a matter is exceptionally simple. I’ll go prescribe some medication later and I assure that father... Hehe, can battle for another three hundred years!!!”


 In regards to Yun Che’s medical abilities, Cang Wanhe did not doubt them at all. He was so agitated that his beard was also trembling. Suddenly, he stood up and slammed the table, shouting: “Men! Quickly arrest our unfilial sons, Cang Ling and Cang Shuo, and lock them in the prison! Get the Minster of Justice, Shen Tiemian, to come meet me! We will personally pass down the punishments of our two unfilial sons!!”


 Outside of the imperial hall, Cang Yue could not help but ask: “Husband, what did you tell father just now? Why did he have such a huge change in attitude?”


 “This... is a secret between men.” Yun Che laughed cheekily. The main reason Cang Wanhe was so worried was because he over-indulged in his youth, and had already lost his reproduction ability. After Cang Yue, he did not have any more children. Therefore, if a prince died, he would have one less prince, for he could not impregnate and train up another prince.


 If the problem of unable to impregnate did not exist, Cang Wanhe would not be so conflicted. Given another few years of time, he would easily be able to get another ten children and concentrate on training and nurturing them to succeed the throne.
Witness the genesis of this narrative, streaming from Nøv€lß¡n★

 “Yun Che.”


 Above him came a gentle and cool female voice. Chu Yueli and Xia Qingyue slowly descended and stood in front of Yun Che and Cang Yue.


 Cang Yue’s eyes met with Xia Qingyue’s for a moment before they both shifted their gaze. Xia Qingyue’s icy eyes looked to be a cold field of eerie calmness. Cang Yue’s expression however, was far more complicated. After all, Xia Qingyue was Yun Che’s official wife whom he had married first... In this case, Cang Yue was considered his second wife. Compared to Xia Qingyue, she naturally felt unusual. She pursed her lips and softly greeted: “Chu fairy, Xia... fairy.”


 A strange atmosphere surrounded Cang Yue and Xia Qingyue. Chu Yueli slightly raised her brows and went straight to the point with Yun Che: “Yun Che, other than coming here to attend you and Princess Cang Yue’s wedding, the two of us have come here for another matter.”


 “...Chu fairy, please speak freely.” Yun Che replied.


 “Our Grand Asgard Mistress would like to meet you.”


 Yun Che looked up in shock: “Grand Asgard Mistress? Meet me?”


 “That’s right.” Chu Yueli stared slightly and said: “The Grand Asgard Mistress already knows about the matter between you and my sister. Naturally, she also knows that you know some Frozen Cloud Arts, as well as the fact that you came to Frozen Cloud Asgard to cause trouble previously... However, the reason why she wants to meet you is not to punish you, nor is it to harm you. I can assure you that. If you can spare some time, why not follow us to our Frozen Cloud Asgard?”


 He had never expected that the Frozen Cloud Asgard’s Grand Mistress would want to meet him. He thought for a while before nodding slightly: “Alright. Previously, I lost control of myself out of anger and went to cause trouble for Frozen Cloud Asgard. I should go ask for forgiveness from Asgard Mistress Xu... I will go alone in a month’s time.”


 Chu Yueli nodded gently: “I hope you keep to your word... Qingyue, let’s go.”


 Xia Qingyue’s gaze stopped on Yun Che for a while before she turned and floated far away, turning into a snowy silhouette in the sky.

