

Chapter 385 - Answer

  

 Gong Yuxian’s originally angry gaze changed the instant the words “Frozen End Divine Art” came up. Yun Che said quickly: “Yes! Qingyue brought this disciple to the Frozen End Divine Hall. I had the good luck of seeing the Frozen End Divine Art the Frozen Cloud ancestor left behind. After comprehending for an entire day, I succeeded in completing the rudimentaries.


 To have comprehended the rudimentaries... in one day...


 Since a thousand years ago, apart from Xia Qingyue, Frozen Cloud Asgard never had anyone successfully comprehend the Frozen End Divine Art! Even Xia Qingyue, whose aptitude and comprehension ability was high, used several months of time to barely step in!


 And Yun Che... actually merely comprehended for one day!


 Gong Yuxian couldn’t help but be shocked speechless for a while. At this time, a large expanse of Frozen Cloud disciples rushed over from all directions, and the fluttering snowy robes in the sky concentrated like white butterflies... If it was Xiao Sect, Burning Heaven Clan, or other sects like that, suddenly being startled by such an imposing might in the depths of the night would make one tremble with fear. But in Frozen Cloud Asgard, it was simply like the blooming of a hundred flowers. It was beautiful beyond imagination, not making Yun Che, the main offender, feel any sort of pressure.


 “Miss, Master, Senior Master, Junior Master... what happened?” Xia Qingyue stepped with Frozen Snow Dance Steps, bringing along a burst of cold wind, and landed beside Gong Yuxian. She looked at Yun Che, then looked at the clothes and frosty faces of Chu Yueli and company... Adding together the Frozen Cloud Wintry Spring behind them, she immediately guessed something.


 “Hmph! Qingyue, today, you’ll have to take a proper look at this man who you insisted on marrying back them. He actually took advantage of the dark night to come to this Frozen Cloud Wintry Spring to peep at us bathing! It’s simply contemptible to the extreme!” Chu Yueli tightened her crescent brows.


 Even though a large majority of the Frozen Cloud disciples had vaguely guessed it, after hearing Chu Yueli vocally say it out loud, the young ladies’ gasped successively with excessively wide open eyes... Not only did Yun Che peeped at them, the ones he had peeped at were six of the Frozen Cloud Seven Fairies!


 The young ladies’ gazes were filled with shock, indifference, disdain, and even killing intent. Yun Che felt that he had been even more wronged than Dou’e (Yun Che: And what the hell is Dou’e). He helplessly and powerlessly said: “I’ve already said this many times already, I really didn’t do it on purpose. When I first came here, I totally didn’t know that there was an outdoor cold spring behind the ice door.”


 Xia Qingyue bit her lips, then stepped forward: “Master, as well as every Senior Master and Junior Master here, even though Yun Che is a bit impulsive and unruly at doing things, this disciple guarantees that he absolutely would not deliberately do such a despicable thing like peeking at bathing women. Disciple believes that Yun Che had unintentionally done so, and wishes for Master, Senior Masters, and Junior Masters to calm down.”


 “So what if he didn’t do it on purpose?” Murong Qianxue said with indignance: “He used his eyes to sully our bodies, this is already a fact... He had even stolen our sect’s Frozen End Divine Arts and learned it! This kind of behavior is even more unforgivable.”


 “Alright.” Gong Yuxian raised a hand, and then finally spoke: “You do not need to be angry about our Frozen End Divine Art matter. Did you not detect the aura of a ‘Frozen Cloud Soul Crystal’ on Yun Che’s body? This was supposed to have originally been announced at the sect’s assembly tomorrow. Since things have reached to this stage, there is no need for me to not tell you in advance anymore... Since today, Yun Che has already officially become a disciple of our Frozen Cloud Asgard, and the first male disciple in history.”


 “Ah!?”


 “This... Mistress, is what you just said... really true?”


 “Our sect’s number one rule is that we can only accept female disciples with extremely high aptitudes, why have we recruited a male disciple? Don’t tell me that it’s because of Qingyue?”


 “You don’t have to say anymore, and there is no need to make absurd guesses.” Gong Yuxian continued: “This was not my decision, but rather our Grand Asgard Mistress’ decision. Grand Asgard Mistress doing this, is also absolutely not because of a moment’s worth of impulse, nor was it because she looked down on our sect rules. She has an extremely important reason. As for what this reason is, I cannot tell you and you should not question it again in detail. I can only tell you all that it is extremely possible that this reason concerns our Frozen Cloud Asgard’s future.”


 Even though Grand Asgard Mistress Feng Qianhui had not paid any attention to matters with the Frozen Asgard for many years, her words still possessed the highest authority within Frozen Cloud Asgard. For anything she decided on, even if it went against the sectoral rules, nobody would oppose it. Everyone’s faces all contained deep shock and incomprehension.


 From now on... Frozen Cloud Asgard was really going to have an additional male disciple?


 “Yun Che has already joined our Frozen Cloud Asgard, which naturally means that he is allowed to practice Frozen End Divine Arts.” Gong Yuxian turned around. Then, her gaze swept over the Frozen Cloud disciples who came over because of the noise: “Nothing major is going on here, you may all withdraw. Don’t forget our sect’s great assembly happening in the main hall at ten tomorrow.”


 Under Gong Yuxian’s order, the Frozen Cloud disciples immediately dispersed, returning back to their own residences. However, Chu Yueli and company’s anger naturally would not dissipate just like that. Murong Qianxue pointed her sword at Yun Che and said coldly: “Even though he is of the same sect... him offending us earlier has nothing to do about whether or not he is a Frozen Cloud disciple! Even though he is someone Grand Asgard Mistress regards as important, an answer must be given to us sisters by today, otherwise, we sisters can never be at ease.”


 This kind of thing would be extremely difficult to accept if happened to any normal woman, not to mention that were the Frozen Cloud Seven Fairies who viewed cleanliness and innocence heavier than their lives. Xia Qingyue believed that Yun Che did not do it on purpose, but even though it was unintentional, what he had committed was a gargantuan fault; moreover, he had offended an entire six Frozen Fairies. She could only plea leniency for Yun Che once again: “Master, Junior Masters and Senior Masters, disciple knows that Yun Che has committed a great fault this time, but regarding this matter, disciple can guarantee that he had done so by accident. Please, for the sake that he is this disciple’s... husband, forgive him for this accident this time... Or, lighten the punishment...”


 She turned her eyes, looked at Yun Che, and said with a very quiet and urgent voice: “Quickly apologize to the six Senior and Junior Masters already.”
N0v3lRealm was the platform where this chapter was initially revealed on N0v3l.B1n.

 Yun Che muttered with innocence across his entire face: “I have already apologized, but it was useless...”


 “Enough!” Gong Yuxian uttered in a strong voice. As she looked at Yun Che, she at her wit’s end. In the history of Frozen Cloud Asgard, even though they had occasionally received male guests before, they had never kept any males through the night in the Frozen Cloud Asgard, so such a thing like a Frozen Cloud disciple’s body being tainted by male eyes had never happened before either. On top of that, Grand Asgard Mistress regarding Yun Che as important, as well as those words she said to her today, gave Gong Yuxian an extremely severe headache. It was just as Murong Qianxue had said, if no account was given today, it would definitely be difficult for them to have a peace of mind. But if she was to punish Yun Che, how should she do so? If such a great fault was punished lightly, then it would obviously be favoring him; if done too severely... With Yun Che’s unyielding temper as well as his strength that even she couldn’t suppress, it was simply impossible to predict what he might do.


 “Yun Che!” Gong Yuxian said sternly: “Today’s matter, I also believe that you have unintentionally committed the fault. but a blunder is still a blunder. Even if unintentional, the grave fault had still been done! We Frozen Cloud Asgard women regard chastity over life, and this matter definitely cannot be dropped at this point... Though you don’t really need to use your life to atone, but whether to humbly apologize or to compensate in other aspects, you must give them an account that can gradually appease their anger! I trust that you, as Qingyue’s husband, who is also referred to the number one of Blue Wind, can definitely shoulder such a responsibility!”


 Yun Che slowly took in a breath, slightly thought for a bit, and said: “Asgard Mistress’ scolding is right. Even though this disciple had all along been defending himself that he had no such intention, the six fairies have indeed been harmed by him... Then, this disciple can open all of the six fairies’ profound entrances in a short amount of time, and achieve Heavenly God’s Spiritual Veins... I wonder if such a compensation, is enough?”


 “What did... you say? Open all profound entrances? Achieve Heavenly God’s Spiritual Veins?” Yun Che’s words, made Gong Yuxian’s face brim with shock in an instant, as she nearly thought she had misheard.


 “How is that possible! Mistress, he is clearly sprouting nonsense without thinking! Profound entrances are extremely difficult to open post natally, even the Frozen Cloud Ancestor only opened thirty-seven profound entrances, Heavenly God’s Spiritual Veins are more so difficult to find in a millennium, how can he possibly do so! These words of his, are simply deceiving and belittling us on purpose!”


 “That’s not it!” Xia Qingyue said immediately: “This disciple can testify, Yun Che indeed possesses such an ability! Because all of the profound entrances on this disciple’s body, were precisely opened by Yun Che! He was not lying.”


 “What?” Chu Yueli’s face was full of shock: “Back then, could it be that the ‘extraordinary being’ you said actually is...”


 “Yes! That was indeed Yun Che.” Xia Qingyue said seriously: “I ask Master to forgive disciple’s deceit from back then. It was because disciple had already promised Yun Che to not leak this matter out. But Yun Che’s words about being able to open profound entrances are absolutely true. This disciple’s Heavenly God’s Spiritual Veins were exactly bestowed by him. It had only taken three days of time as well.”


 Yun Che immediately took over Xia Qingyue’s words, and said with a pleased and haughty expression across his entire face: “That time, my profound strength and mental power were feeble, so I needed three days. If now... probably fifteen minutes would be enough.”


 Actually, with Yun Che’s current strength and mental power, to open all profound entrances for others with the help of the Sky Poison Pearl’s purifying power, could entirely be completed in three minutes if everything went well. The reason why he said fifteen minutes, was because he was afraid that it was too universally shocking, and may startle them.


 But even so, these two words ‘fifteen minutes’, still shocked every to the point of total disbelief.


 With Xia Qingyue’s personality, no one would consider that she would speak lies. Xia Qingyue’s profound entrances all suddenly being opened within a few days, achieving Heavenly God’s Spiritual Veins, was also a truth that could not be anymore true. For a long period of time after, the Frozen Cloud Seven Fairies had actually often discussed about that extraordinary being whose skills reached the heavens, and referred to him as the “Unparalleled Saint”. Before that, the highest level they had heard of was the “One Finger Profound Opening”, and that could at most forcefully open three to five profound entrances for a profound practitioner. Any more would be absolutely impossible, and would require profound practitioners to slowly open them one by one through great amounts of efforts, as well as various valuable wondrous medicines, stroke of luck, and a lot of time.


 They definitely hadn’t thought that the “Unparalleled Saint” wasn’t a senior that looked down upon all living things from a height... and was actually Yun Che, who was only nineteen!


 Even using the word “outrageous”, it wouldn’t enough to describe it.


 “Yun Che, what you and Qingyue just said... are all true?” Gong Yuxian asked, still not daring to believe it.


 “If you do not believe, disciple can open all profound entrances for a fairy right now. If disciple is unable to do so within fifteen minutes, he’ll willingly be hacked into pieces by the six fairies, and will in no way resist and retaliate!” Yun Che said with a solemn vow. As these words were spoken, his expression did not change in the slightest.

