

Chapter 210 - Reunion

  

 Those who ridiculed him, scorned him, jeered at him, and commented on him... at that very instant, they were all dumbfounded. Even Fen Juebi’s and Fen Juecheng’s expressions stiffened for a moment.


 Everyone thought it was plausible that the reason why Fu Yanjie was struck down with a single hit from Yun Che, was because of the combination of Fu Yanjie’s underestimation of his opponent, and bad luck, as Yun Che just happened to attack his weakness. But earlier, everyone could evidently see that Fu Yinjie used his full strength in his attack, and did not hold anything back. Everyone could clearly hear the howling of the sharp blade slicing through the air from dozens of meters away. A full-powered slash like that, the only option an average opponent of the same level have was dodge, even if the opponent were to block it, he might not be able to completely suppress it.


 But, not only did Yun Che not dodge it, he met the attack with his bare hands, instantly breaking the blade which was infused with profound energy with his hands. At the same time, with a kick... with nothing but a simple kick, he instantly struck Fu Yinjie down, and caused him to faint on-stage.


 Even an idiot would not think that it was still a mere coincidence.


 At least, none of those sect disciples who used their haughty attitude to ridicule, jeer and show their sense of superiority was capable of achieving this feat. Collectively, they stopped making any noise, and was no longer able to a single word of scorn. All of them simply looked at Yun Che with dumbfounded expressions. Each of their gaze which was initially filled with underestimation and pride, instantly turned dull, with hints of fear. Their faces were even completely red.


 “Is... Is he really at the True Profound Realm?”


 “A problem probably occurred with the Profound Assessing Stone.”


 “Both Fu Yanjie and Fu Yingjie were instantly defeated. One of them was at the second level of the Spirit Profound Realm, while the other was at the third level of the Spirit Profound Realm... With strength like that, how could he possibly be someone with just the strength at the True Profound Realm?”


 Yun Che finished his second round cleanly. Initially, he had planned on trying not to perform this flashy in the grouping matches, so as to avoid being the center of attraction. However, he did not expect that, the moment the tournament began, there would actually be people preparing to plot against him, and it was even a plot from the Burning Heaven Clan. Since that was the case, he had no need to hold back. He struck down Fu Yinjie with a single blow, giving the people who were scorning him a slap on the face, and at the same time, it was an announcement to Fen Juecheng... If you plan on plotting against me, Yun Che, at the very least, find someone with the qualifications to go against me!


 “Father, did you see that?” Personally observing that extremely short battle earlier, Ling Yun shifted his gaze, and said with a low voice.


 “Mmm.” Ling Yuefeng nodded slightly. “He’s indeed astounding. He has even exceeded my expectations.”


 He even lightly added in another line. “Even after I renew my expectations of him now, he might even be more astounding than that. He might even possess the strength to earn a place in the top hundred! A True Profound Realm practitioner entering the top hundred of the Ranking Tournament, this will definitely create an unbelievable history.”


 Ling Yun nodded gently. “I have the same thoughts as well. I’m very curious, he, who is simply a disciple from the Blue Wind Profound Palace, with no advantages in resources and profound arts, is actually able to wield his profound energy to display power that surpasses his level of profound strength... Just how does he do it? Unless he’s really talented and gifted to this extent?”


 Ever since the official start of the ranking tournament, Yun Che received an extreme high level of attention. After the two continuous instant victories, the level of attention he received shot up in a vertical slope. However, the former attention held the nature of scorn, while the latter, was astoundment and disbelief. A True Profound Realm disciple actually defeated two Spirit Profound Realm opponents in a row, and they were both instant victories! Not just the young disciples, even those powerful elders who accompanied them, were greatly surprised in their hearts.


 When Yun Che’s third battle began, there were no longer jeers from the vicinity, and the number of people watching the battle once again increased explosively. This time, his opponent had the strength at the third level of the Spirit Profound Realm. However, his opponent no longer had the attitude of as though he had victory in just grasp; rather, he was more cautious, and only after probing a few times, did he begin swinging his weapon and wielding his profound energy to attack Yun Che.


 As to his attack, Yun Che did not even bother looking at it. Straightening his right arm, like pulling out hay, his fist instantly penetrated through the opponent’s heavy sword silhouette and profound energy defenses, accurately hitting his upper chest, causing him to tumble in the air dozens of times. When he landed on the ground, he was already in a daze, and the longsword in his hands had flown god knows where.


 “Thank you... for going lenient on me. I admit my defeat.” His opponent stood up shakily, gave Yun Che a respectful salute, and then, left the stage. He was clear that Yun Che’s earlier blow was completely capable of easily dealing a him a heavy blow, but, his continuous tumble in the air, caused the powerful horizontal force he suffered to reduce in strength bit by bit, and when he landed, he basically did not suffer any injuries.


 “Blue Wind Imperial Family’s Yun Che wins!”


 The third battle was another instant victory!


 This time, every eye on Yun Che, no longer held any hints of scorn or ridicule... There was only shock and deep disbelief.


 Probably because of good luck, Yun Che’s group did not have any strong practitioners; there were not even practitioners who were somewhat strong. In a single day, Yun Che fought a total of five matches, and every match was an easy victory. And after every victory, his name was engraved even deeper into everyone’s hearts.


 There would always be one or more dark horse appearing in every Ranking Tournament, but there was never such an exaggerated dark horse! With strength at the True Profound Realm, even though he had the lowest profound strength out of all the participating disciples, and even though he had a difference of an entire large realm with the second strongest participating disciple, he actually obtained five straight victories in the first small grouping tournament!


 The sun had already begun to set, and thus, the curtains closed for the matches on the first day. More than two thousand matches had undergone on thirty arenas. Within these many matches, there would definitely be some there were spectacular and thrilling, but, after the first day of the tournament ended, the hottest topic brought up was not about any of those matches, but about the unexpected dark horse —— Yun Che.


 No... If it was a disciple from some other sect defeating a disciple of the same level from the Four Major Sects, then that disciple would be called a dark horse. But, Yun Che’s level of profound strength was clearly stated, yet, he continuously obtained victories over opponents with higher level of profound strength. He could no longer be called a dark horse, but a freak capable of shocking every single person.


 “Haha! Brother-in-law, you simply don’t know how spectacular the expressions of those people were. When I looked at them, their eyes seemed as though they were about to fall onto the ground. Hehe, I just knew that, the moment brother-in-law shows his hand, you will definitely give them a good fright.” Xia Yuanba said exultantly. His excited look was basically as though he had personally obtained a great victory in the Ranking Tournament.


 “I have looked at the information of the participants in the fifteenth group. There’s basically no strong practitioners inside; at the very least, there’s not a single disciple from the four great sects. I can only say that our luck is pretty good.” Qin Wushang said calmly. “That’s why, Yun Che, do not be complacent after obtaining the easy victories today. The opponents you went up against today, all possess strength at the very bottom of the spectrum, none of them have the qualifications to enter the top seven hundred places.”


 “I understand.” Yun Che nodded.


 At this time, in front of them, five white-clothed, fairy-like figures flowing with ice spirits slowly walked over. With a single glance, it looked as though five goddesses had descended from the clouds, allowing people to slightly feel as though they had arrived at the realm of immortals.


 Looking at them, Yun Che was slightly startled, and he subconsciously stopped walking.


 “Ah... it’s big sis!”


 “Big sis, big sis!”


 Growing up with Xia Qingyue, who was such a world-class beauty, and adding that he had a few screws loose in his brain, Xia Yuanba had a rather strong immunity to beautiful girls. These stunning girls from the Frozen Cloud Asgard, coupled with their extraordinary temperament, were enough to cause even elders who were rich in experience to be trapped in a daze for a long while, let alone energetic youths. But Xia Yuanba was completely untroubled in this area, immediately shouted out of delight, and lightly sprinted towards Xia Qingyue, as though he did not notice the other girls from the Frozen Cloud Asgard around her.


 “Yuanba?” Xia Qingyue’s beautiful eyes showed hints of astonishment. She stopped her steps, and was absolutely surprised from encountering Xia Yuanba here. Looking at her brother who had grown even bigger and muscular, the chill in her eyes had completely dispersed, and with hints of surprise, she said with a gentle voice. “Why are you here?”


 Xia Yuanba’s giant figure stopped before Xia Qingyue, and his expression was filled with excitement. Back then, Xia Qingyue had always stayed within the house, and this was also the first time he was away from Xia Qingyue for such a long time, obviously, he would miss her greatly. Now that there were finally able to meet each other, he was obviously happy beyond compare. “Big sis, brother-in-law and I are no longer at Floating Cloud City. We first arrived at New Moon City, and then, eight months ago, we went to the Blue Wind Profound Palace together. This time, I’m accompanying brother-in-law in his participation in the Ranking Tournament, and I just knew I would meet big sis. Big sis, you have become so strong now, I have seen all your matches. If dad were to know that you have become so incredible now, he will definitely be unbelievably happy... Big sis, are you doing well over there? Is anyone bullying you? When are you returning home...”


 The excited Xia Yuanba poured a large bunch of words onto Xia Qingyue. When he brought up “brother-in-law”, Shui Wushuang and Wu Xuexin, who was beside Xia Qingyue, gave a sidelong glance at the same time, revealing similar weird looks.


 “...” Xia Qingyue’s eyes flurried, and looked towards Yun Che, who was in front of her. “Yuanba, could he... be...”


 “Eh?” Xia Yuanba gave Yun Che a glance, and then, shifted his gaze back at Xia Qingyue. He scratched his head, and said with widened eyes. “He’s brother-in-law. It’s only been a year and a half, and big sis no longer recognizes him? Strange, even though brother-in-law’s looks did not really change in these two years.”


 Xia Qingyue: “...”


 Chu Yueli clearly heard Xia Yuanba’s words as well. She shifted his gaze, and looked at Yun Che with slight astonishment. “You’re that Xiao Che who married Qingyue at Floating Cloud City?”
The initial instance of this chapter being available happened at N0v3l.Bin.

 “Ah?” Shui Wushuang and Wu Xuexin exclaimed uncontrollably at the same time, and they looked at Yun Che with their widened beautiful eyes.


 Only Chu Yuechan, although she stopped walking as well, had a cold expression. She simply stared straight into the distance, as if she was an outsider of the mortal realm..


 Yun Che, this ultimate dark horse, had garnered the attention of the entire audience, and naturally, it included the Frozen Cloud Asgard. But to Xia Qingyue and Chu Yueli, although Yun Che looked somewhat similar to the Xiao Che they knew, they had never thought that Yun Che was Xiao Che. Because the difference between the two was simply too great; so great, that they could be said to be completely different, and that it was impossible for the two of them to belong in the same world. They firmly believed that this Yun Che just happened to have almost the same appearance as Xiao Che.


 Shui Wushuang and Wu Xuexin did not expect that the person they had been talking about for so long, was actually the husband that Xia Qingyue had married with. But, wasn’t it said that the person she married had crippled profound veins, and could only be a cripple his entire life? Then how...


 Yun Che took a step forward, and said respectfully. “Yun Che, disciple of Blue Wind Profound Palace, is happy to meet the fairies of Frozen Cloud Asgard. Back then in Floating Cloud City, this disciple did indeed have the name Xiao Che, but currently, this disciple is now named Yun Che.” His gazed shift to Xia Qingyue, and gave a slight smile. “Qingyue, it’s been a while.”


 Xia Qingyue slightly nodded as a response, with a posture that was light and elegant.


 Hearing the confirmation from Yun Che himself, Chu Yueli’s eyes was in a state of turmoil, and her expression was filled with shock.


 Back then, when Xiao Che was chased out of the Xiao Clan, she had personally witnessed the entire scene from the skies above. Xiao Che, at that time, still had crippled profound veins and those veins had been crippled since he was born. When he had matured, the crippling had already been deeply ingrained into him so it was basically impossible to restore them... Besides, even if he did encounter a heavenly miracle the next day and had his profound veins restored, it had only been eighteen months. When his profound veins were restored, he had to train from the beginning. In other words, the time taken for Yun Che to train from nothing to the tenth level of the True Profound Realm, was merely eighteen months!!!


 Even as one of the “Frozen Cloud’s Seven Fairies”, this was a truth that she was unable to completely believe and accept.

