

Chapter 1979 - Wuyi, Wuqing

Chapter 1979 - Wuyi, Wuqing

Partially Edited Chapter - Rubble

He was plummeting rapidly, but there was no sound.

The power of Extinction was pressing against him from all sides and attempting to turn everything into dust.

The memories he had inherited from Jie Yuan had not lied to him, however. The power of Extinction that was once powerful enough to wipe out even a True God could not harm him anymore.

The Ancestral God had separated the power of Extinction from the power of Existence when she created the universe, but the deterioration of her laws and the passage of time had weakened it beyond measure.

It was why the power of Extinction was never a concern to Yun Che. No, he was worried about the pulling force that was a billion times stronger than it.

From the instant he fell into the Abyss of Nothingness, he had felt as if his body was a billion times heavier than normal. He was falling at a speed he had never truly experienced in his life.

He subconsciously channeled his profound energy and tried to resist, but the power that was practically invincible in Primal Chaos could only slow his descent a little even at max power. He literally could not stop his fall even if he wanted to.

Moreover, the pulling force was already increasing the longer he fell through the Abyss of Nothingness. He felt as if he was being dragged into a pitch black abyss of no return by countless Devil Gods.

Although he had experienced this once from the soul fragment Jie Yuan had left behind, it was no less terrifying to feel it with his own flesh and blood.

He was acutely aware that the pulling force would eventually reach an intensity where even Jie Yuan had to stop or risk never returning to the surface.

For a million years, everything that fell into the Abyss of Nothingness be it the living or the non-living was forever gone. There had never been an exception.

Now, it was revealed that it wasn’t because of the power of Extinction. It was because of this irresistible pulling force.

It was probably the remnant laws that the Ancestral God had set up for the Abyss; the ones that hadn’t broken yet with the passage of time.

That was why it could not be resisted even by the true gods lurking at the bottom.

His whole body was hurting like he was cut by a thousand blades. He had to take a moment to circulate his power and protect his whole body.

It was lightless, soundless, and matterless in the Abyss of Nothingness. Even his consciousness and the passage of time itself seemed to blur in this indescribable space.

The pulling force was still increasing rapidly. The power of Extinction was growing as well. Slowly, vortices began appearing in the already chaotic space and tore away at Yun Che’s body incessantly.

Later, even the vortices had completely vanished and were replaced by utterly annihilated space. An unimaginable number of spatial fragments distorted endlessly in the Abyss of Nothingness, annihilating all that existed until eternity.

It was so devastating that anyone below Divine Master Realm would be torn to shreds in just a matter of breaths.

Every inch of Yun Che’s body was tearing, healing, and tearing again for every second he fell through the Abyss of Nothingness, but his mind remained perfectly calm. He gradually unlocked more Gates and channeled more profound energy to protect himself with the Heretic God Barrier. A deep worry was growing in his heart though.

The power of Extinction, the pulling force, and these devastating spatial storms….

Xia Qingyue was grievously wounded when she fell into the Abyss of Nothingness. She had almost run out of power as well.

Was it really possible for her to survive the fall in that state?

What were the chances? Ten percent? One? Or…

He abruptly bit his tongue and chased the unnecessary thoughts out of his mind. While keeping himself as awake as possible, he continued to increase the output of his profound energy until he reached his absolute limit.

On a related note, the intensity of the pulling force had utterly exceeded what he thought was possible and more. Whatever flight of ideas he might have had about resisting it had long since fled his mind. As the spatial storms continued to grow in intensity, the spatial fragments had also transformed into deadly spatial dust.

Surprisingly—not really, but still surprising—it was the power of Extinction that was growing at a snail’s pace.

The passage of time had truly become blurred at this point. It could have been hours, days, or even years since he entered the Abyss of Nothingness.

His body was tattered all over, but there was no blood because the beads were annihilated before they even had the time to spill out of his wounds. His internal organs were cracked in all sorts of places, and his soul was literally churning like a sea right now.

Suddenly, he was struck by a terrible sense of danger. The next thing he knew, his pain had increased dozens of times. He felt as if a thousand guillotines were chopping his body into bits.

Since he had been doing his utmost to stay conscious throughout the journey, he could tell that he had been pulled into a spatial blackhole.

Yun Che closed his eyes and kept perfectly silent.

He must face the entire Abyss alone to save his homeworld, and this was just the first step.

He was the emperor of a universe and the inheritor of the Heretic God and the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor’s power. He was their only hope!

That was why he couldn’t fall here! He couldn’t!

He activated Hell Monarch and ignited his profound energy. Pitch black flames instantly roared out of his pores.

Despite the protection of the devilish flames, his body was still nearly ripped in half by the spatial black hole.

He was eventually flung out of the blackhole, but his misery was just beginning. Before he even got to take a breath, he was sucked into another spatial black hole.

Every time he was sucked in and tossed out of a blackhole, it was like he was experiencing a complete translocation. Like a dead leaf that was unfortunate enough to have flown into a titanic storm, his body and soul were ravaged by the environment again, and again, and again.

Finally, after he was thrown out of a black hole god knows how many times, his world went blank in a buzz, and his consciousness sank completely into the darkness.

……

In an unknown space.

The sky was grayish dark, and the temples lying beneath it were even darker. Every inch of the place was overflowing with oppressiveness and darkness. Anyone who entered this place would surely feel like a devil god was choking them with ice cold fingers all the time.

Not that anyone would or could approach this place. After all, it was the abode of a god.

Suddenly, a noise disturbed the silence. It was soft yet impossibly clear due to the oppressive environment. Then, the doors and barriers of the temple opened to reveal the silhouette of a gorgeous woman. It only lasted an instant though. The barrier closed immediately afterward and submerged the world into oppressive darkness. It was almost as if that temporary relief earlier was nothing but a dream.

An indescribable pressure was keeping everything as still as death. No air or even elements were moving because of it. In this type of environment, the woman’s light footsteps sounded like stomps on one’s hearts, or tearings at one’s soul.

The woman eventually came to a stop. In the darkness, she dropped to her knees and said, “I greet you, Mother.”

Buzz!!

A corner of space was suddenly ripped apart. An invisible aura poured out of nowhere and descended violently on the woman.

The woman shuddered visibly under the pressure, but she quickly mastered herself and allowed the terrifying aura to invade her profound veins.

“Hmph!” A frigid sound that somehow caused the already dark space to sink even deeper into darkness cut through the air. “You’ve finally ceased disappointing me. In fact, your progress has surpassed my expectations a little.”

The imperious voice belonged to that of a woman. Her words were praising, but her tone was as frigid as her voice was raspy. For some reason, every word she spoke sounded like a poisoned knife stabbing into one’s ear and heart, and twisting until there was nothing but blinding pain.

The woman on the floor bowed deeply. “Wuyi (Without Memory) does not dare to disappoint you, Mother.”

The raspy voice said again, “You are much better than that trash, Wuqing. It is worth crippling her for you.”

Suddenly, her already terrifying voice took a turn for the darker. “It is almost time to travel to the Pure Land again. You will not disappoint me when we meet that bag of bones!”

Every word she spoke was dripping bone deep hatred. It was as if every living being in the world itself was her sworn enemy.

The “bag of bones” she was referring to was the Abyssal Monarch himself. She was the only one in the entire Abyss who would dare to call him that.

“Yes, Mother,” The woman named “Wuyi” replied subserviently.

“All six Kingdoms of Gods have found their God Bearers, but to think that five out of seven of them would be male! Worse still, that girl from Heaven Breaker is but a useless trash with divine essence and nothing else! How sad! How lamentable! How laughable!”

“Remember this, Wuyi. All men in this world including that bag of bones, the Abyssal Monarch, are dirty livestock! When you reach the Pure Land and encounter those five little shits, you must stomp them beneath your feet and show them exactly how worthless their so-called titles really are!”

“If you fail, I will toss you into the Damned God Pits to be skewered by ten thousand bones for a century!”

The woman remained calm and collected despite the bloody threat. Forget fear and trepidation, there wasn’t even the slightest bit of resentment in her voice when she said, “There is no greater crime to me than disappointing you Mother. I will suffer ten thousand times the punishment if I fail you!”

Skewering by bones in the Damned Gods Pit was an even worse punishment than its name might suggest, but the woman had promised to suffer it ten thousand times should she disappoint “Mother”.

She was resolute to the point of creepiness.

She really seemed to believe that disappointing “Mother” was the greatest crime in the universe.

“Good.”

It was just one word, but it was literally the highest praise one could receive from “Mother”. “Only those who are cruel to themselves can be cruel to others. You are already better than Wuqing in this regard. Then again, what did I expect? Trash is always going to be trash. Hmph.”

The woman agreed, “Trash should not live to spoil Mother’s mood.”

Wuyi did not seem to possess any emotion whatsoever. “Mother” was her one and only faith in this world.

“Well said. That will be your task of the day.”

“Kill that trash and remove her from my sight.”

The order was cruel with a tinge of sadism. It was as if the person she just ordered killed wasn’t a God Bearer she had spent a thousand years nurturing, but a literal pile of trash that could be wiped out at any moment.

Wuyi left the temple after that. When she stepped out of the door, it was as if she had entered a completely different world.

She slowly strolled down the streets. Her black hair and clothes were unassuming yet spotless.

The gray sky looked like it might collapse at any moment. It was so oppressive it muddied the mind to look at it.

Wuyi was currently walking through the domain of a True God, but it felt more like a place of the damned. Every step she took chilled the soul to the core.

Beneath a low, ruined hall, two old women with black marks on their faces bowed toward Wuyi. “Mistress.”

She did not respond. As she continued forward, the doors opened to reveal the ruin within.

Sitting amidst the gray fog was a woman with disheveled hair and eyes so dim that they were almost lightless.

Her face was deathly pale when she looked up. She looked as white as a corpse. It was unthinkable what kind of despair and pain she had suffered to look like this.

“Shen… Wu… Yi…”

The woman slowly muttered Wuyi’s name. There was no surprise, no pleading, or even resentment in her voice. There was only heart-clenching numbness.

She was alive, but it was like she had already died.

Bang.

The doors closed behind Wuyi and cut off everything from outside. She then raised a hand and summoned a ball of profound light that illuminated every corner of the room.

“Shen Wuqing, I have achieved yet another breakthrough,” she said while looking down on the woman who might as well be dead. “This should be the last proof you need to know that Mother’s choice is beyond wise.”

“Heh.” Shen Wuqing responded with a cold, pitiful chuckle. “So what if you’re ten thousand times better than I was? She could’ve just stripped me of my status. She did not have to cripple me or humiliate me like this!”

The woman’s name was Shen Wuqing, but no one would believe it if they saw her right now.

Shen Wuqing was the name of the God Bearer of the Eternal Night Kingdom of God!

She was the Divine Daughter of the Eternal Night Kingdom of God and a supreme True God in the future!The link to the origin of this information resides within Nøv€lß¡n★

Or rather, she had been.

Today, the Divine Daughter of Eternal Night was a woman named Shen Wuyi.

Because of her rival, Mother didn’t just remove Shen Wuqing’s title, she even destroyed her cultivation, crippled her lower body, severed every profound vein in her body, and tossed her into this abandoned hall that was filled with abyssal dust. She wanted Wuqing to die slowly as the abyssal dust tortured her.

In just one night, the Divine Daughter whom everyone looked up to had transformed into a cripple waiting for death to claim her.

