

Chapter 1578 - The Mysterious Chanyi

 In the Five Nether Ruins, Divine Sovereigns made up the heavens.


 There were only around a score of Divine Sovereigns in the East Ruins Realm, West Ruins Realm, North Ruins Realm, and South Ruins Realm combined.


 The Central Ruins Battle was a battle between peak Divine Kings that was second only to battles at the Divine Sovereign level.


 But today, these exalted existences within the Five Nether Ruins had been mowed down like weak grass by a single stroke of Yun Che’s sword.


 Three of the four great realm kings had lost their lives.


 Even the people who had come to referee this Central Ruins Battle, Beihan Chu and Lu Bubai, had lost their lives here.


 The Central Ruins Battle had become an extremely terrifying and calamitous battle. And everything, everything...


 As his black figure blurred, Yun Che’s body sank down from the sky and landed in front of the Southern Phoenix’s battle formation. The aura radiating from his body was dark and heavy, but there was no bloodlust or malice. Even so, it shocked the members of the Southern Phoenix so much that their bodies tensed up as they recoiled in panic.


 Dead...


 Everyone... had died...


 With a single sword stroke... With just a single sword stroke!?


 This sort of person had actually represented their Southern Phoenix... and participated in the Central Ruins Battle!?


 Was there anything more ridiculous, more absurd than this!?


 Nanhuang Mofeng stepped forward, his entire body as tense as a coiled spring. He cupped his hands towards Yun Che and bowed. “I thank Venerable... Yun for showing mercy.”


 Nanhuang Jian’s legs wobbled three times before he finally took a step forward and said with a forced calm, “After being able to witness Venerable Yun’s glorious performance today, Nanhuang Jian... can die without any regrets.”


 “Sigh.” The Southern Phoenix Divine Sovereign let out a long sigh as he stared at the Central Ruins Battlefield that had been turned into an abyss. He felt boundless shock, fear, lamentation and sorrow.


 Three great realm kings and ten million profound practitioners had died just like that.


 This included Beihan Chu, whose name was entered into the Northern Region Heavenly Sovereign Ranking, and Lu Bubai, whose status was not low in the Nine Lights Heavenly Palace.


 Even someone like him would need a considerable amount of time to fully accept what had happened today.


 The Northern Divine Region was an extremely cruel world, so the two things that absolutely should not exist in here were soft-heartedness and compassion. However, to be able to bury ten million people without blinking an eye... This person could not even be described as cruel or cold-blooded anymore, he could only be called a genuine devil.


 The Southern Phoenix Divine Sovereign could foresee that these lucky survivors from the Southern Phoenix, himself included, would shudder in fear every time they thought about what had happened today for a very long time.


 He did not say anything to Yun Che. Instead he turned around and waved a hand. “Let’s go.”


 He knew that they all could not wait to be as far from Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er as possible


 “I respectfully bid Royal Father farewell.” Nanhuang Chanyi gave a full curtsy.


 No one said or asked anything. They merely left with extreme fear and trepidation in their hearts. Only Nanhuang Chanyi remained behind to face Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er alone.


 It did not seem like the Southern Phoenix Divine Sovereign feared for her safety.


 “Don’t worry, our Southern Phoenix won’t leak a single word about what happened today,” Nanhuang Chanyi said. “The people from the Nine Lights Heavenly Palace won’t find out what your names are either. However...”
Unearth this data, retracing it to the very heart of Nøv€lß¡n★

 “The two of you are truly vicious.”


 They could not see her face or her eyes, but even her voice did not sound the least bit shaken.


 If it was someone else, even if it was her eldest brother Nanhuang Jian, they would not even be able to pronounce the most basic of words in a clear manner, much less remain so calm and cool-headed.


 “Hmph, wasn’t it all because of you!” Qianye Ying’er said coldly.


 Right now, they had the ability to kill people like Beihan Chu and Lu Bubai, but they definitely could not afford to offend the Nine Lights Heavenly Palace. They knew full well just how strong a huge sect in an upper star realm was.


 If they truly wanted to prevent all future troubles, they should have also silenced everyone belonging to the Southern Phoenix... However, whether it was Yun Che or Qianye Ying’er, neither of them had chosen to attack the Southern Phoenix. This was especially true for Yun Che as he had deliberately excluded them from his attack.


 It was not that they did not want to, it was that they were not able to.


 Because of one person, Nanhuang Chanyi...


 The reason why Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er had participated in the Central Ruins Battle was because they had wanted a part of the Central Ruins Realm and its resources. Nanhuang Chanyi was the main reason the situation had developed to this point. No matter whether it was her “entanglement” with Beihan Chu or the various small things she did to add fuel to the fire.


 “Me?” Nanhuang Chanyi’s gaze turned to fall on the white-robed young girl who had been staring blankly into space. “Don’t you mean it’s because of her?”


 Before this white-robed girl had appeared, Yun Che had only stepped on Beihan Chu’s face and robbed him of the Hidden Heaven Sword. He had done these things to test Nanhuang Chanyi. But the appearance of this young girl had caused the conflict to escalate to the point of no return, and Beihan Chu had been slain with a single stroke of Qianye Ying’er’s sword... The difference between what happened before and after this girl’s appearance was extremely huge.


 “I want the Central Ruins Realm,” Yun Che suddenly said in an icy voice.


 “Alright.” Nanhuang Chanyi nodded her head without any hesitation. From now on, this Central Ruins Realms belongs to you. For the next five hundred years, you can use it for as long as you want.”


 “Before I leave the Central Ruins Realm, I also do not want to be disturbed by anyone,” Yun Che continued.


 “...Sure.” Nanhuang Chanyi nodded her head again. “From tomorrow onward, besides all of you here, no one else will enter the Central Ruins Realms. You can do whatever you want. You can even blow up the Central Ruins Realms if you want to.”


 Everyone who needed to die had already died. Even though the Nine Lights Heavenly Palace did not know how Beihan Chu or Lu Bubai died, they definitely knew that they had died in the Central Ruins Realms. So before too long, they would definitely dispatch people to the Central Ruins Realm.


 Other than that, the realm kings and battle formations of the East Ruins Realms, West Ruins Realms, and North Ruins Realms, along with all of the spectators, had been obliterated from the face of this universe. One could well imagine just how turbulent the Central Ruins Realm would be after this.


 Given the capabilities of the Southern Phoenix, they might have been able to hold off the other three realms, but they would not be able to hold off the Nine Lights Heavenly Palace.


 Yet Nanhuang Chanyi had still agreed to it.


 She said that she would definitely be able to give Yun Che whatever he wanted as payment.


 Furthermore, she had already obtained the answers that she wanted.


 Qianye Ying’er’s lips twitched lightly as she transmitted a message to Yun Che.


 “Fine, I will come to the Central Ruins Realm to meet the two of you in six months,” Nanhuang Chanyi said.


 “...!!” The look in both Yun Che’s and Qianye Ying’er’s eyes subtly changed at the same time.


 Because the message that Qianye Ying’er had just sent to him had been “Ask her to come to the Central Ruins Realm in six months.”


 “Don’t worry, I’m a friend.” Nanhuang Chanyi seemed to be smiling faintly. “Only that bunch of idiots in the Eastern, Western and Southern Divine Regions would choose to become an enemy with such monsters... and they even chose to become mortal enemies who could not be forgiven at that.”


 “...” Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er remained silent.


 Nanhuang Chanyi turned around, floated into the air and slowly flew into the distance. “Yun Che, Yun Qianying, welcome to the Northern Divine Region. Your brilliant performances today has made me even more convinced that a new era has finally dawned in this world that has been forsaken by the heavenly laws, an era which will turn this world upside down... even if it is a dawn of darkness.”


 Qianye Ying’er’s golden eyes started to slowly narrow, but what was reflected in those golden orbs was not shock or joy. Instead, an incomparably dangerous and cold light was gleaming in her eyes... In an instant, her lips faintly curved up into an extremely beautiful smile.


 Just as she had expected, Nanhuang Chanyi’s strange actions and behavior had indeed been because she had long ago known of the name “Yun Che”.


 The Northern Divine Region and the other three divine regions were completely opposed to each other, so news very rarely leaked to the other side. Yun Che may have been crowned with an incredibly brilliant halo in the Eastern Divine Region... But that had, after all, been during the Profound God Convention, an event held for the young profound practitioners of the Eastern Divine Region. Even Yun Che, who had obtained the first place in the Conferred God Battle, had only been in the mid-stages of the Divine Spirit Realm at that time.


 Given how hard it was for the Northern Divine Region to obtain information about the other three divine regions, why would they specially pay attention to someone at that level?


 Even Qianye Ying’er, as the Brahma Monarch Goddess, had only known about the existence of the Northern Divine Region’s Northern Region Heavenly Sovereign Ranking. She had never known who the geniuses placed at the top of the rankings every generation were. In fact, she had not even bothered to find out. After all, there were far too many of these young geniuses, and they were replaced far too often.


 Even Yun Che, who had suddenly become a devil and was being chased by the entire world, was only a level one Divine King in the end.


 As for the return of Jie Yuan and the matter of Yun Che saving the world... and everything that had happened during that period, the news of all of these things had been firmly suppressed. Besides the peak existences in the three divine regions, not many people knew what had transpired, much less the Northern Divine Region who had not participated in this event at all.


 But strictly speaking, it was not impossible that the Northern Divine Region could be aware of what had happened... However, it definitely would not be from someone belonging to the level of the Five Nether Ruins.


 The person who could extend their feelers to such an extent should be...


 Nanhuang Chanyi knew of Yun Che’s true identity, and she very likely knew Qianye Ying’er’s true identity as well.


 But they knew absolutely nothing about Nanhuang Chanyi... besides the fact that she was the “Southern Phoenix Crown Princess”.


 “Can you give me a rough estimate of her cultivation level?” Yun Che suddenly asked.


 Qianye Ying’er shook her head. “At the very least, she is absolutely beyond us.”


 Just based on the fact that Nanhuang Chanyi could so easily eavesdrop on her sound transmission.


 “...” Yun Che’s face darkened. To think that they would actually meet such a person in one of the Northern Divine Region middle star realms. How truly unfortunate... Because this was a variable that was far too great, a variable that had been thrust upon them far too suddenly, a variable that was completely out of their control.


 “She said that we are friends, what do you think?” Qianye Ying’er asked.


 Yun Che looked up before he coldly said, “In the Northern Divine Region... there are no such things as friends, there are only tools!”


 “Good.” Qianye Ying’er was very satisfied with Yun Che’s reply.


 “Then let’s make Nanhuang Chanyi into our tool, or perhaps...” she said as a strange light flashed in her eyes, “a slave.”


 Yun Che turned around and looked behind him. Immediately, this Central Ruins Realm had become a place that belonged solely to him and Qianye Ying’er. However, the huge variable that had appeared today meant that this place was no longer a place they could stay.


 As she looked at Yun Che’s eyes, Qianye Ying’er suddenly realized something and said, “Does this mean that your request for the Central Ruins Realm and your request to be left alone were all just a trick? Your original intentions were to leave this place without her knowledge?”


 “From the moment she wanted me to battle those ten Divine Kings alone, I knew that she was testing me,” Yun Che said. “So you’re absolutely right. What we need right now is time, so we need to avoid any and all variables. Nanhuang Chanyi is here, so we shouldn’t stay here any longer.”


 “In my view, it’s actually the opposite,” Qianye Ying’er said. “It is precisely because of this person, Nanhuang Chanyi, that the Central Ruins Realm is actually the safest place for us.”


 Yun Che’s eyebrows twitched.


 “Also,” Qianye Ying’er continued, “while you were participating in the Central Ruins Battle, I was observing her. I discovered that she had no flaws or openings whatsoever. But I did discover one extremely foolish quality of hers.”


 Yun Che, “?”


 “That is compassion,” Qianye Ying’er said. “This was especially obvious when you attacked with your sword just now. She clearly wanted to make a move, but she managed to stay her hand at the final moment... If she was not trying to hide something, she definitely would have blocked your attack in any other situation.”


 “Also, the respect and reverence she has for her father comes from her heart.” After Qianye Ying’er said those words, a cold, mocking light flashed through her eyes.


 After he pondered things for a little while, Yun Che looked towards the white-robed girl he had saved. When she had faced Lu Bubai just now, she had been brave and stubbornly defiant. But right now, her tiny face was filled with timidity and fear. She simply stood there without moving a muscle and she was even more afraid to speak.


 “What’s your name?” Yun Che asked.


 “...” The young girl’s lips parted, but it took a long while for her to answer in a tiny and tremulous voice. “Yun... Shang.”


 Yun Che extended a hand towards her. “Follow me, I have some things to ask you.”


 She had personally witnessed Yun Che instantly turn this entire place into an abyss of death. She did not dare to reject, and she did not even have a choice in the first place. She merely obediently placed her tiny hand into Yun Che’s own with extreme caution.


 “Are you not going to explain what happened to me first?” Qianye Ying’er asked in an icy voice.


 Yun Che did not reply. He merely pulled the young girl’s hand and silently walked into the incomparably quiet depths of the Central Ruins Realm.


 At the borders of the Central Ruins Realm, Nanhuang Chanyi suddenly stopped and calmly turned around.


 She extended a jade hand, a black ring slowly appearing on one of her slender fingers. After that, a light flashed through her eyes and a strange and wondrous black lotus soundlessly blossomed on top of that ring.


 “Mistress, he has arrived...”

