

Chapter 445 - Divine Phoenixs Murderous Intent

  

 Jasmine had said before, that once the Tyrannical Emperor’s Divine Veins awakened, one’s profound strength would explosively soar towards the Emperor Profound Realm overnight, even towards the Tyrant Profound Realm. At that time, Yun Che’s only felt that it was too exaggerated and false, exaggerated to the extent that even if it was from Jasmine’s own mouth, he wouldn’t dare to believe it..


 However, standing right in front of him was Xia Yuanba, who was only at the Elementary Profound Realm two years ago, but now a true Overlord who could intensely move even the Phoenix Sect Master! How could he not believe.


 In this world, there was surprisingly such an unimaginable type of profound veins... Furthermore it was right in front of him, on Xia Yuanba, who had grown up with him!


 "The awakening of the Tyrannical Emperor’s Divine Veins requires the most intense tyrannical feelings." Jasmine said unhurriedly: "It requires a reckless, almost insane thirst for strength, only then will the Tyrannical Emperor’s Divine Veins awaken. His character was especially weak previously, and the veins would originally never have awakened. However, it seems that in these two years, his personality has gone through major changes. If my guess is not wrong, it should be due to him watching on helplessly as you sacrificed yourself to save him, which thus had a huge impact on his nature due to extreme pain and self-blame, making him unwilling to continue being just a burdensome trash."


 "..." Yun Che was moved. He had found out from Cang Yue, that after he was initially sealed under the Sword Management Terrace, Xia Yuanba had left alone. He, who always had a mild temperament, had cut off all ties with incomparable stubborness... Black Moon Merchant Guild’s Senior Zi told him that Xia Yuanba had appeared in Divine Phoenix City before, challenging every large sect as if he was mad. Even if his whole body was riddled with wounds, at his last gasp, he was unwilling to stop...


 Looking at Xia Yuanba again, he had grown... the extent to which he had grown, exceeded his imagination by miles. From someone who required his protection, someone who did not dare to retaliate after being humiliated, and someone who did everything cautiously, he had transformed to the person standing in front of him who he needed to gaze upwards to see. He had become an emperor class figure in the Profound Sky Continent..


 Facing Xia Yuanba’s incomparably imposing strength, the nine Phoenix disciples trembled with fear. Not to mention advancing, there was not even a person who dared to open his mouth. Spiritual Master Ancient Blue shook his head and said: "Yuanba, this is the ranking tournament, your relative is also participating in the tournament, so he is not being surrounded unfairly on purpose, come back your master’s side first."


 "I know!" Xia Yuanba’s stone cold face showed no change, his character now was incomparably firm. Though Spiritual Master Ancient Blue was his master, he actually did not comply: "And I’ve just said it as well, I am representing Blue Wind Nation, I will fight with my Brother-in-law. What’s inappropriate about that?!"


 Feng Feiyan suddenly lost his cool and said, frowning: "The Seven Nation Ranking Tournament is between profound practitioners of the seven nations, Blue Wind Nation can only be represented by Blue Wind practitioners and not anyone who wishes to, can represent Blue Wind Nation! If not, how can it be called the Seven Nation Ranking Tournament!"


 "This rule, how could I not know!" Facing Feng Feiyan’s suppressing manner, Xia Yuanba nevertheless instantly replied in a stern voice: "Sorry to disappoint you! Because I am originally a Blue Wind Nation citizen! Why can’t I represent Blue Wind Nation in battle?!"


 Xia Yuanba’s determined expression made Spiritual Master Ancient Blue let out a laugh, and say somewhat helplessly: "My humble disciple is indeed from Blue Wind Nation."


 Feng Feiyan and the others all had a change in complexion, the jaws of all the profound practitioners in the arena dropped... This Yun Che, who defeated Feng Xiluo, was from Blue Wind Nation, and this eighteen year old Overlord, was unexpectedly from Blue Wind Nation too!!


 The smallest in Profound Sky Continent, the weakest, always being looked down upon by the other six nations, this generation... could it be that they were being looked out for by a god?!


 "Wrong!" Feng Feiyan shook his head: "The Four Sacred Grounds is an existence outside of the Seven Nations, it does not belong to any nation. Since he has entered Absolute Monarch Sanctuary and was accepted by Spiritual Master Ancient Blue, he is now a member of the Sanctuary, and thus does not belong to any nation. He does not have any rights to represent Blue Wind Nation in battle.”


 The moment Feng Feiyan finished his sentence, Xia Yuanba immediately turned, kneeled down facing Spiritual Master Ancient Blue: "Master, disciple is unfilial, I wish to cut our master-disciple ties and leave Absolute Monarch Sanctuary, please grant me this wish."


 Xia Yuanba’s actions, tone, and manner were incomparably determined, there was not a hint of hesitation. This caused everyone’s jaws to drop, their hearts were violently shaken.


 At this point, even an idiot would be able to know just how much this person named Xia Yuanba felt for Yun Che. In the face of the almighty Divine Phoenix Sect, his words and mannerisms were tyrannical to the extreme, yet in front of Yun Che, he was like a child crying. In order to fight together with Yun Che, he even wanted to break all ties with Absolute Monarch Sanctuary without hesitation... this was a place where Profound Sky practitioners would not even dare dream of.


 The usually indifferent Spiritual Master Ancient Blue could not help but stare in amazement. He shook his head, looking slightly disconcerted: " Yuanba, you... why?"


 Xia Yuanba’s gaze was clear, there was not a hint of hesitation or struggle as he enunciated every word: "Master, disciple is unfilial and has definitely made you sad. However, to disciple, Brother-in-law is a relative whom I can never turn my back on. This life of disciple’s, was given by his parents, the second life, was exchanged with Brother-in-law’s own life! In disciple’s heart, Brother-in-law is a relative as important as his parents. Disciple would rather lose himself, lose Master, lose the Sanctuary, lose the Heavens, than to lose his loved ones!"


 Spiritual Master Ancient Blue’s expression hardened, suddenly not knowing what to say. After seeing Yun Che, Xia Yuanba lost control of his emotions and started to wail, shocking him... because the Xia Yuanba he knew, had a heart of steel. He had never thought that Xia Yuanba would go so far for Yun Che. It only showed that the bond between the two of them was not as simple as just relatives.


 Now, Spiritual Master Ancient Blue could not regret more about bringing Xia Yuanba along. Xia Yuanba’s quick growth had shook the Absolute Monarch Sanctuary immensely. His profound veins were not like that of an ordinary person’s, it contained power that even the Heavenly Monarch could not see through. Many people in the Absolute Monarch Sanctuary believed that with Xia Yuanba’s unbelievable growth, his future achievements could even exceed the Heavenly Monarch!!


 If Xia Yuanba really did leave the Absolute Monarch Sanctuary, it would be extremely detrimental to the entire Absolute Monarch Sanctuary.


 Absolute Monarch Sanctuary was a sacred dreamland all profound practitioners would dream of but not reach. Even in the face of an exceptionally gifted genius, it was still, after all, a Sacred Ground he would thirst for and would never be willing to let go.


 At this point, a hand suddenly appeared on Xia Yuanba’s shoulder. Yun Che patted him and said: "Yuanba, get up. Absolute Monarch Sanctuary is the pinnacle of the Four Great Sacred Grounds. Being able to enter the top ranking Sacred Ground in the Profound Sky Continent is every profound practitioner’s dream, you do not need to do this for me. I know you are afraid that I’ll be bullied, but to deal with these people, I alone am enough."


 "But..." Xia Yuanba turned around. He could tell Yun Che’s condition, it was apparent that he had just gone through a tough battle, his profound strength was down by more than half. Yet nine people surrounded him, and each of their conditions were well above Yun Che’s... This was simply bullying! If this fight really went down, losing was secondary, if Yun Che made any mistakes, there would be a possibility of him losing his life.


 Now, when he finally had the ability to protect Yun Che, how would he allow others to hurt Yun Che even by a little! Even if it meant turning his back on his teacher, he would be Yun Che’s shield and cause the nine Divine Phoenix Sect disciples to be routed.


 Yun Che shook his head: "Since you have already taken Spiritual Master Ancient Blue as your Master, and are already an inner disciple, if you just leave like this, it would be a little outrageous. It would also cause your Master to lose face in front of so many people. I understand what you are worried about, but you can relax, I am really enough... I am after all your brother-in-law, when have I ever let you down."


 Xia Yuanba’s eyes showed his inner turmoil, he remembered about the endless admiration he had for him in the beginning, how he had countlessly made the impossible possible... At that time, in his eyes, Yun Che could do anything. No matter how strong the enemy, even if they were myth-level beings to himself, they all fell to Yun Che’s hands in the end.


 No matter when, he had never lost.


 Even now, when he had become an Overlord, this kind of almost blindly worshipping still existed.


 "Okay." Even though he was still anxious at heart, the deep rooted trust Xia Yuanba had allowed him to have little hesitation. He nodded fiercely, and chose to obey: "Then I’ll be below, waiting to watch brother-in-law give them a good smacking... Brother-in-law, you must be careful."


 "Relax, my life is stubborn, even if I wanted to, I can’t die." Yun Che laughed.
Emerging from the sanctum of Nøv€lß¡n☆, this essence holds secrets untold.

 Xia Yuanba walked down at once, over to the side of Spiritual Master Ancient Blue. Even with Spiritual Master Ancient Blue’s personality, which was as calm as water, he couldn’t help but to feel inwardly envious. As Yuanba’s Master, when he wanted him to come down, not only did Yuanba refuse, he even went to the extent of saying that he wanted to leave Absolute Monarch Sanctuary. But the moment Yun Che opened his mouth, within a few words, he obediently went down.


 Haaah... What kind of situation is this.


 At the same time, surprise welled in his heart, why did Yun Che let Xia Yuanba leave? With his current condition, he simply could not defeat the nine Divine Phoenix Sect genius disciples. Could it just be that he purely did not want Xia Yuanba to leave Absolute Monarch Sanctuary?


 The initially sullen looking Divine Phoenix Profound practitioners all quietly let out a breath... that was an Overlord! An eighteen year old Overlord! If he really represented Blue Wind Nation to battle, then why the hell would Divine Phoenix Sect fight for naught?!! In front of a real Overlord, don’t even mention nine Thrones, even if there were ninety, they would still be beaten like dogs.


 Feng Hengkong’s and Feng Feiyan’s faces however, become somber.


 Yun Che was supposed to die!


 However, a talented, scary relative from Absolute Monarch Sanctuary had now appeared! Furthermore, it was a person who was willing to lose everything to protect him! He had the indirect equivalent of a protective umbrella from Absolute Monarch Sanctuary!


 Then, all the more reason for him to die!


 If they did not take advantage of today, during the ranking tournament to "uprightly" kill him, killing him after today would be incomparably difficult! If he completely matured, he would be a huge unprecedented trouble in the future.


 Yun Che straightened his body and grabbed Dragon Fault again. The entire arena quietened down as all eyes amassed onto him... Nobody believed that he could defeat the combination of nine mid-stage Thrones, especially after spending a large portion of his profound power in a fierce battle with Feng Xiluo. Then what exactly was he going to do? Was he going to admit defeat?


 Without Xia Yuanba’s intimidating pressure, the Phoenix disciples finally calmed down, pressing onto Yun Che again.... just at this moment, simultaneously in their ears, Feng Hengkong personally delivered a sound-transmitted message:


 "Immediately activate Phoenix Domain with full power! Burn him with the power of nine domains! Do not give him any chance to surrender, or for any other people to rescue him! Right... now!!"

