

Chapter 1139 - Eternal Heaven Battlefield

  

 “Meiyin, what is special about that person called Yun Che?”


 They hadn’t flown very far away when the girl in blue clothes questioned the girl beside her. Her tone was cautious because she very clearly knew that the girl she was pulling by the hand wouldn’t do anything without a reason. Moreover, it was so extremely rare for her to take the initiative to approach another person.


 “That Big Brother Yun Che is very powerful, and also a bit strange,” the little girl replied.


 “Very powerful? Strange?”


 “Let me describe him this way, he is more powerful than he seems to Big Sis... and a lot more powerful than that.” The little girl had a broad forehead, and she appeared to be pondering something as she crooked her head. However, there was an unquestionable certainty in her tone.


 Not only were the words of the girl inexplicable, they also sounded quite insensible. Such words would only get ignored with a laugh, but the girl in blue clothes knitted her brows slightly, as if she didn’t doubt her in the least. “Looks like either he is unusually talented, or he is cultivating some special profound art.”


 “Hmm... but you don’t have to care about him. His profound strength is so weak, after all. Although its seems that he should be very strong, it is still impossible for him to be a threat to those at the Divine Spirit Realm, much less Big Sis. It’s just that... I can’t describe his strangeness with words, which is precisely the reason that I found him very strange.”


 The little girl thought about it a bit before suddenly saying, “Oh right! Just a while ago, he kept staring into my eyes, and for quite a long time too.”


 “He dared to look straight into your eyes?”


 The girl in blue revealed an expression several times more surprised than before. “Could he be someone with unusually strong mental strength? Yun Che... let’s keep an eye on him for the time being.”


 “No!” The little girl shook her head. “The one that requires even greater attention from Big Sis, is that person called Huo Poyun.”


 “He? For what reason?”


 “Because his bloodline, profound veins, and his soul are all very strange. Even though his profound strength is at the seventh level of the Divine Spirit Realm, the actual level of his strength is a lot higher. He has certainly inherited extraordinary divine blood, and should have been bestowed a large amount of Divine Spirit essence. Besides, there is also some essence of a dragon mixed in his blood as well. Therefore, he is quite a bit more powerful than he seems to Big Sis. Perhaps, he might become a slight threat to Big Sis,” the little girl said in a very serious tone.


 No matter who it was, the difference between the seventh and tenth level would seem huge enough to be absolutely unsurpassable, if not a world of difference. Such words, especially coming from a fifteen year old girl, would normally only be treated as a joke.


 However, the girl in blue fell silent. Afterwards, she slightly nodded her head, “I’ve got it. Looks like this session of the Profound God Convention is indeed full of crouching tigers and hidden dragons.”


 If Huo Poyun, Huo Rulie, Yan Wancang, and the others were to hear the words of the little girl, they would have definitely turn pale from shock.
Embark on an odyssey to the core at Nøv€lß¡n#★

 The things that Huo Poyun possessed were the biggest secrets of both him and the Flame God Realm. But there was nothing hidden from the eyes of the little girl, as if it was all engraved on his face.


 Time slowly passed by, and the date of the Profound God Convention drew closer and closer. The Eastern Divine Region became increasingly quiet, and the people of the nine thousand star realms as well as countless profound practitioners lifted their heads in expectation. The convention was the highest standard and the highest level grand gathering of profound practitioners in the Eastern Divine Region. Furthermore, this session of the Profound God Convention was the most special one in their history. Just being able to have the qualification to participate was in itself an honor to the vast majority of profound practitioners and sects. If they could get a good rank at the convention, even if it was only in the preliminary competition, it would be enough for them to shine with supreme glory throughout their lives.


 Even the honored star realms would look forward to changing the level and standing of their realms.


 On this day, it was finally time for the Profound God Convention to begin.


 The firmament vibrated, following which the Voice of Eternal Heaven resounded as it shook the sky, and travelled through the entire battlefield for the preliminary competition, as well as to every corner of the Eastern Divine Region.


 “The time for the Profound God Convention has come again after the short period of seven hundred years. This session of the Profound God Convention will be different from those in the past. Not only will it display the graceful poise of the current young generation, it will also possibly be the stage to determine the future of the Eastern Divine Region.”


 “The minimum cultivation for this Profound God Convention has been set at the Divine Tribulation Realm. A total of fifty one million three hundred twenty thousand people have entered the battlefield for the preliminary competition. They are all the outstanding young profound practitioners of the Eastern Divine Region, excluding those from the king realms.”


 Over fifty million participants might sound like an enormous figure, but compared to the hundred trillion profound practitioners of the nine thousand star realms in the Eastern Divine Region, it was actually an extremely small number. Each of these more than fifty million profound practitioners, who had the qualification to enter the Profound God Convention, was an undisputed genius. Those from the lower and middle star realms, in particular, were capable enough to be well-known in a large region.


 For example, anyone who reached the Divine Tribulation Realm before turning sixty in the Snow Song Realm would have the qualification to join the Ice Phoenix Divine Hall, the highest level establishment for the disciples of the Divine Ice Phoenix Sect.


 “The number of participants in this session of the Profound God Convention is quite a bit lower than in the past, so the arrangement of the competition is also different. The Eternal Heaven Pearl will be the battlefield for the preliminary battles...”


 Although they were all aware that Eternal Heaven Pearl would be the battlefield three years ago, hearing it again still made all the participating profound practitioners visibly excited. This was also undoubtedly one of the main reasons for which countless profound practitioners cultivated with all their might, and didn’t hesitate to pay any price to reach the Divine Tribulation Realm in order to participate in the Profound God Convention. They were not really hoping to get a decent rank, but instead only wanted to come into contact with the aura and laws of nature inside the Eternal Heaven Pearl, as it was a tremendous opportunity that one might not get in even ten thousand lifetimes.


 After all, the Eternal Heaven Pearl was from the Primordial Era, and could be at god level... or possibly even be a higher level thing than a True God.


 But, the following words of the Voice of Eternal Heaven, poured cold water on the listeners all of a sudden.


 “...Projections of all the profound practitioners that are participating in the battle will enter the Eternal Heaven Pearl. They will all be complete projections that can carry everything the participants have along with them. Besides the point that no one will truly lose their lives, there will be no harm to their real bodies, no matter what happens inside the Eternal Heaven Pearl.


 The participating profound practitioners were dumbstruck. So by “Eternal Heaven Pearl will be the battlefield,” it was actually their projections that were meant to enter the internal world of the Eternal Heaven Pearl, and not their bodies...? Since it would be just a projection, it was extremely unlikely that they would be able to perceive any aura or laws of nature.


 The next words of the Voice of Eternal Heaven made numerous profound practitioners feel a chilly sensation in their hearts.


 “In the first round of the preliminary battle, all participating profound practitioners will have their projections randomly assigned to a thousand different preliminary battlefields. There will be an equal number of people in all battlefields, and only ten can emerge victorious from every battlefield; the rest of the participants will be eliminated, without exception!”


 WHOAAAA————


 As if they had been suddenly struck by lightning, the whole Eastern Divine Region became agitated.


 There were a thousand battle zones in total. Only ten people could be victorious in each one and the rest would be completely eliminated... It meant that on an average, only one in five thousand would be able to succeed in this preliminary battle!


 Eventually, only ten thousand practitioners would be able to progress through the preliminaries, and over fifty million people would get eliminated!


 Such an elimination rate was far higher than what one would use the word exaggerated to describe. It was simply inhuman.


 The elimination percentage in the first round of the Profound God Convention was also very high in the past, but the selection rate was still no less than one in hundred, which was far, far less exaggerated than this time.


 “As the minimum cultivation has been restricted to the Divine Tribulation Realm for this session of the Profound God Convention, only fifty million profound practitioners were qualified enough to participate, each and every one of whom is a genius... Isn’t it too cruel to only select one in five thousand in the very first round of the competition?”


 “To get rid of all but ten thousand in the first round, th-th-th...”


 “This session of Profound God Convention is indeed not for those who are only strong, but the topmost level youngsters of the Eastern Divine Region. Although the rest of them are all undisputed geniuses, they can only serve as the foil for those at the top.” An old person, who had experienced several sessions of the Profound God Convention, lamented while letting out a sigh.


 “It seems like we will all get eliminated in the first round of preliminaries.” Mu Hanyu looked at all of his junior brothers and junior sisters, as he said with regret.


 It wasn’t that he was underestimating the group he was leading. Among the disciples of the Divine Ice Phoenix Sect that were participating in the convention this time, he and Mu Feixue were the ones with the highest profound strength, who were only at the eighth level of the Divine Tribulation Realm. Such cultivation was considered top-notch in the Snow Song Realm, but at the Profound God Convention, let alone the top ten thousand, it was almost impossible to be ranked among the top hundred thousand with such cultivation.


 “This Profound God Convention is truly odd. It’s completely different from what we have heard about the previous sessions. For only ten thousand people to be able to pass the first round... I feel that we’ve come here just to make up numbers,” a disciple of the Divine Ice Phoenix Sect said with a bitter smile.


 “Don’t think too much about it. The Profound God Convention is held once every three thousand years, and it’s an extremely great opportunity to have the fortune to be able to participate in it. Treat this convention as the highest standard trial in your life so far. Although we’re bound to be eliminated, we will still be ranked according to our performances... Don’t bring disgrace to yourself and the sect! Go all out!” Mu Hanyu said in a solemn voice.


 “Yes! Senior Brother is right!” the disciples of the Divine Ice Phoenix Sect responded in unison. Their fighting spirits were burning fiercely, as they waited for the cruel preliminary battle that was about to start.


 “So it’s finally going to begin.” Huo Poyun looked up at the sky above. His eyes were blazing as his fighting spirit rose. His aim was to make his way into the top thousand. The elimination percentage of the preliminary round might be extremely cruel to others, but winning through the first round was far below his objective at the Profound God Convention.


 “Brother Poyun, do your best,” Yun Che said sincerely. As for him, he was not in the least concerned about the battlefield or the arrangement of the competition. Let alone one in five thousand, even if the selection rate was one in five, he would have still gotten eliminated in the first round.


 The Eastern Divine Region was in a state of extreme unrest while the Voice of Eternal Heaven paused for a bit. Numerous white rays of light came falling down from the sky, and enveloped the bodies of all participating profound practitioners.


 Immediately, the world around them turned pale white, but the white light dispersed right after. A subtle change happened in the aura coming from their surroundings, making it clear to them that they had arrived in another world.


 Furthermore, it wasn’t their real bodies that had arrived in this place, but just their projections.


 A thought surfaced in their minds on its own:


 “Battle Zone 9.”


 Yun Che opened his eyes and looked around him. This place was also an ancient city. Dilapidated walls could be seen everywhere, the vast sky was ash-colored, and the ground was also dried up. It was an abandoned ghost town that didn’t really look the same as the place from before, but did feel very similar.


 Looking far off into the distance, several kilometers away, there clearly existed an enormous barrier. The barrier appeared to have fully covered the abandoned ancient city, making it impossible for anyone to leave this area.


 This place was none other than the internal world of the Eternal Heaven Pearl... It was the Battle Zone 9 among the thousand battlefields that were chosen for the preliminaries!


 Since he had come here now, that would mean that he no longer had his real body, and was actually a projection.


 Yun Che tried to perceive how his body and profound strength were working in here. There wasn’t any issue at all, and he couldn’t even feel that he was only a projection at the moment. He stretched out his left hand and clearly sensed the existence of the Sky Poison Pearl and the Heaven Smiting Sword. It was even possible to take out the things that were kept inside the Sky Poison Pearl.


 As expected of a projection formed by the Eternal Heaven Pearl, it was indeed inconceivably perfect.


 Human figures appeared one after another around Yun Che amidst the white light. They were all also observing their surroundings, as well as their opponents in this battle of the preliminaries. Some looked serious, others puzzled, and there were also those whose faces were full of confidence. However, none of them acted rashly.


 As Yun Che’s gaze swept over his surrounding, all he saw were unfamiliar faces. Given the fact that there were a thousand battle zones, and everyone was sent to them randomly, it wasn’t going to be easy for him to catch sight of a familiar face, especially considering that there were very few people that he knew among the participants in the first place.


 In addition, he didn’t find anyone with an aura weaker than him.


 The first level of the Divine Tribulation Realm was, after all, the bottom line of the qualification for the participation in the Profound God Convention... He was at the bottom of the lowest level among all the fifty million participating profound practitioners.


 Therefore, there was no doubt that every gaze observing him, turned into one of disdain and contempt. There were even some that seemed to be smiling in derision.


 Before long, the far reaching Voice of Eternal Heaven came from the sky.


 “The area you are at right now, is the ‘main city’ of every battle zone, and also the absolute safe area. No profound beasts will appear or invade this place, and the profound strength of every person will also be confined in their bodies, rendering them unable to unleash any attacks on others.”


 “Once you leave the main city area, it will be your battlefield.”

