

Chapter 826 - Threat

  

 “Hehehehe...” Facing Jasmine’s cold taunts, not only did Moonflower not become angry, she instead smiled tenderly and narrowed her charming eyes at Yun Che for a moment. Twisting her waist like a water snake, she then appeared in front of Jasmine with speed comparable to teleportation. “Your highness, not only has your appearance remained unchanged, even your temper hasn’t changed in the slightest. A few years ago, we had thought that you had encountered misfortune. My king was depressed for a long while, you know?”


 “Depressed?” Coldness and ridicule could be seen from Jasmine’s face and following after, the light in her eyes dimmed. “How did you find me?”


 “Hm?” Moonflower lightly stroked her lips with her slender finger. “Wasn’t it your highness who notified this servant?”


 “...” Jasmine’s chest heaved slightly, and in the depths of her mind, she helplessly sighed. “As expected...”


 Earlier on when she investigated the depths of Cloud’s End Cliff, she had encountered dark devil beasts within the dark abyss and was forced to use her god powers. Back then, she had already felt that it was anything but reassuring... The Twelve Star Gods were branches of the same tree and individuals who inherited the powers of the Star Gods possessed a unique trait to detect each other.


 The Star God Realm was extremely far from this place and it was seemingly impossible to detect at this range. However, if there was a Star God who was coincidentally slightly closer... With the degree of god powers she unleashed at the abyssal depths on that day, there was indeed the possibility of being detected.


 Incredibly, today this worst case scenario had turned into reality.


 “Brother-in-law, just what is going on?” Xia Yuanba softly asked. “Who is this... very strangely dressed woman? She seems to know your teacher. Could this be someone powerful like your teacher?”


 “...” Yun Che did not reply, and was actually unable to reply. His mind was a chaotic mess... An unprecedented chaotic mess.


 From how Moonflower was addressing Jasmine and the expression she was having while facing Jasmine, Yun Che had already ascertained that this Moonflower was definitely someone who resided in the same world as Jasmine. There was an extremely high possibility that she was here to search for Jasmine.


 Recalling the abnormal behavior Jasmine had this morning... Most likely, she must have already sensed that Moonflower was nearby back then. In other words, she did not want to be found.


 This Moonflower was addressing Jasmine as “your highness” but her tone and posture did not demonstrate even the least bit of respect, as though her status wasn’t any lower than Jasmine’s!


 As Yun Che had thought, Jasmine did indeed sensed that Moonflower was speedily approaching this morning. Thus she separated from Yun Che and completely sealed her presence, attempting to escape from Moonflower’s spiritual perception. However, she never expected that Moonflower would actually seek Yun Che out... Jasmine kept herself alive by attaching her soul onto Yun Che for exactly seven years, so Yun Che did indeed carry the aura of her soul and it was very heavy as well.


 Her body similarly carried Yun Che’s aura, no matter if it was his life or his soul.


 Thus, she had no choice but to reveal herself. Otherwise, with how vile Moonflower was, Yun Che would definitely die.


 “Then why were you near this planet?” Jasmine coldly questioned.


 “Naturally, it’s an order from my king.” Moonflower’s finger slid off her lips and carried on down her smooth neck before stopping at her collarbone, where she gently twirled a strand of her shining hair. “A few years ago, there were rumors that your highness was still alive. This servant did not believe it but my king wanted this servant to retrieve your highness no matter what. This servant has no choice but to comply with my king’s orders. In these few years, this servant was going around sightseeing. Never did I expect that I was actually able to find your highness for real.”


 “A few years ago?” How did you people find out I was still alive?” Jasmine’s eyebrows, which were already sunken before, sank even deeper at this moment and her voice suddenly carried an ice-cold killing intent. “I understand now... It’s the Universe Devouring Beast!!”


 Back then when the Primordial Profound Ark was traversing through space, in order to provide extreme conditions for Yun Che to cultivate in, Jasmine forcefully intervened with the spatial flow of the Primordial Profound Ark. Once, within the crevices of space, she encountered two Universe Devouring Beasts! One died, and one fled!


 Universe Devouring Beasts were one of the extremely small number of unique beasts that managed to survive since the Primordial Era. Their numbers were extremely small and they resided in space crevices, treating space as their form of food. Because their experiences and knowledge were extremely broad, at the moment she launched an attack, they were able to distinguish her powers and identity with a glance. If Star God Realm found out that she had not died a few years ago, then that fleeing Universe Devouring Beast was the only possibility!


 “Your highness sure is smart.” Moonflower said with a giggle. “It’s no wonder your highness still did not die after being struck with the Absolute God Slaying Poison. So you forcefully abandoned the body that was infected with the demonic poison and attached your soul onto someone else... If this servant isn’t mistaken, that someone, should be that handsome little brother over there.”


 Jasmine: “...”


 “Not only does that little brother look handsome, his life force is surprisingly exuberant, it’s no wonder he could be chosen by your highness. Hehehehe.”


 Moonflower laughed like a twisted flower. What she absolutely did not expect was that the demonic poison Jasmine was struck with back then had not only spread throughout her entire body but had also seeped into her soul as well. If it was merely one’s body that was infected, one could still protect his or her soul by abandoning the body. However, if the poison had seeped into the soul as well, with how terrifying the Absolute God Slaying Poison was, even in the plane of power they were in, without a doubt they would definitely die. There was definitely no luck nor fortune to speak of.


 Unless they possessed the Sky Poison Pearl of the Heavenly Profound Treasure Ranking.


 Jasmine should have faced certain death back then but at the very last moment, she had encountered Yun Che who possessed the Sky Poison Pearl. Her fate was thus changed because of Yun Che and Yun Che’s fate was similarly turned upside down because of her.


 “But from the looks of it, your highness seems to have only reconstructed your body not too long ago and your god powers have only been restored by ten percent. It’s better this way as well, otherwise this servant would have been troubled.” Moonflower tilted her lips upwards, both her voice and expression were still as tender and frail. “If this servant had known about this, then I wouldn’t have informed my king that I had discovered your highness beforehand.”


 “...!” The light in Jasmine’s eyes suddenly turned cold. “You informed... that person!?”


 “Of course.” Moonflower’s fingers were still playing with her own hair. “Your highness clearly had discovered this servant but not only did you not look for this servant, you instead concealed your presence and played a game of hide-and-seek with this servant. Evidently, you do not want to return with this servant, right? In terms of brute strength, this servant can’t beat your highness either. It’s really troubling, that’s why this servant had no choice but to first send a voice transmission to inform my king. How would I have known your highness’s god powers had fallen to this extent... Aiyo, if this servant wishes to take away your highness no matter what, in the state your highness is currently in, you won’t be able to resist in the least.”


 “Hmph!” Jasmine’s face was expressionless. “Though I don’t wish to return, there will still come a day where I will return to that place. Since I have been found by you, it seems I can’t even hope not to return now.”


 Jasmine was very clear that if Moonflower’s “king” knew of her whereabouts, then her wanting to stay here was no longer possible. Otherwise, that person might make a trip here personally... If that really were to occur, then the consequences would basically be disastrous.


 “But, I need ten days,” Jasmine’s eyes slightly narrowed as she coldly said. “Ten days later, after I have done everything I want to do, I will return with you!”


 “Jasmine...” Yun Che’s heart skipped a beat from Jasmine’s words and he shouted out involuntarily.


 Facing Jasmine’s sharp and cold eyes, Moonflower simply shook her head with a smile. “Of course you can’t. My king gave this servant a very heavy order that if I were to see your highness, then I will have to immediately bring your highness back, without a single moment of delay. This servant doesn’t dare to disobey my king’s order, you know. Furthermore, your highness even hid from this servant earlier. If your highness secretly runs off in these ten days, then this servant will be severely punished by my king.”


 “Since I already said that I will return with you ten days later, then I won’t break my promise.” Jasmine’s voice grew even colder, “Furthermore, though I only have ten percent of my god powers presently, if I’m unwilling, it still won’t be that easy for you to bring me back by force.”


 “Your highness, don’t be so obstinate.” Moonflower did not hesitate nor worry in the least from Jasmine’s words but instead smiled even more charmingly than before. “Your highness was playing hide-and-seek with this servant earlier but because of that handsome little brother, you still came to find this servant of your own will. It seems that little brother is very important to your highness, hmm.”


 Jasmine’s expression slightly changed. “He’s a disciple I took in while I was bored and had nothing to do!”
N0v3lTr0ve served as the original host for this chapter's release on N0v3l--B1n.

 “Disciple? Oh~~~~ This servant sure is shocked. With your highness’s personality, you’re actually interested in taking on a disciple as well.” Moonflower’s charming eyes narrowed into slits, and the smiling intent carried in the corner of her lips grew even more eloquent. “If your highness insists on not returning immediately, this servant will indeed be troubled. But, if my king finds out that your highness is unwilling to return home because of a certain someone in this low level planet, this servant wonders what will happen?”


 “You! You dare threaten me!?”


 “Also, I have a piece of good news that I must definitely inform your highness immediately,” Moonflower said with a gleeful smile. “The new inheritor of the Sky Wolf Star God has already appeared.”


 “Sky Wolf Star God...” Jasmine suddenly raised her head. “Who is it!?”


 Sky Wolf Star God was the Star God power her brother inherited back then, so she had some special feelings towards the power of the Sky Wolf Star God.


 A Star God powers definitely could not be inherited by just anyone. There were extremely high requirements for the inheritors. Aptitude, physique, compatibility, none of these three did not carry extreme requirements. After a generation of Star God had fallen, finding the next suitable inheritor would usually require several hundred or even several thousand years.


 Presently, it had only been less than ten years since her brother had fallen, yet a new inheritor had already appeared in such a short span of time.


 “That person is...” Moonflower’s face revealed a mysterious smile. “Princess Caizhi.”


 “...” Jasmine’s body suddenly shook as though she was struck by lightning. “What did you say!?”


 “Your highness, you heard it correctly. It’s Princess Caizhi.” Seemingly very satisfied with Jasmine’s reaction, Moonflower’s smile grew even more pleased. “Also, the compatibility between Princess Caizhi and the Sky Wolf Star God power has achieved a perfect degree never before seen in history. As expected of...”


 “Shut up!!”


 Jasmine clenched her two fists, her two fragile arms were even trembling slightly without end. Even her aura had turned chaotic... From afar, with his eyes set on Jasmine the entire time, Yun Che’s heart and soul was in absolute chaos. Because he could sense that Jasmine was enraged, anxious... and a little afraid...


 He was unable to understand their conversation, and furthermore, he didn’t have the least bit of strength to intervene in the matters on their level. He could only stare and listen. His heart and soul were filled with worry for Jasmine, and also...


 The fear of possibly losing Jasmine.


 Jasmine’s breathing grew hurried. After a long while, she finally managed to calm down and the trembling of her body gradually stopped. She lightly raised her head, took in a heavy breath, and coldly said. “Fine, I will return with you right now.”


 “Now that’s obedient of you, your highness.” Moonflower’s smile was like a flower. “Seeing your highness returning safely, my king will definitely be overjoyed.”


 “But, you must promise me one thing.”


 “Oh?” Moonflower slightly tilted her head.


 Jasmine’s eyes slightly drooped as she looked towards Yun Che and their lines of sight intersected... But merely a moment later, Jasmine shifted her eyes away. “After I return, you’re not allowed to bring up to that person that I have taken in a disciple and you’re not allowed to say anything related to this place!”


 Since it had come down to this, she had no other choice.


 Moonflower’s threat was very evident. If she did not obey her now, then she would inform “that person” of this place.


 Even if the entire Profound Sky Continent was destroyed, she definitely would not bat an eye.


 But Yun Che...


 “Oh~~” Moonflower lightly smiled in a tamed manner, as though she was not the least bit surprised by Jasmine’s request. “How could this servant dare to disobey your highness’ order? This servant was merely ordered to bring your highness back, so I wouldn’t even bother informing my king about this handsome little brother. Hehehehe.”


 Moonflower was smiling tenderly but in the depths of her eyes which were filled with charming light, a strange glow slightly flashed.


 “Good.” Jasmine slowly nodded. “You best keep to your words, otherwise...”


 “Aiya, your highness, don’t reveal such a frightening look, this servant isn’t that courageous.” Moonflower made a frightened, tender expression. “Also, your highness is clearly aware that this servant hates people that tell lies the most.”


 “Hmph!” Jasmine turned around. “Before we go... Since he and I are after all master and disciple, I have a few words for him. Take it as a form of goodbye.”


 “You can’t...”


 “Moonflower!!” When Moonflower had just voiced out her rejection, Jasmine’s eyes suddenly turned back towards her, killing intent that seemed as though it had come from the nine hells firmly stopped her from speaking further. “You’d best not take things too far! I have already agreed to return immediately with you. It’s only a few simple final parting words with my disciple. If you dare spout the least bit of nonsense again, once I recover my strength, I have ten thousand ways to ruin your face to the point where it will never ever recover! You will be turned into an existence that looks neither a human nor a ghost!”


 “Do you want to try me!?”


 The smile on Moonflower’s face stiffened for a moment and when she smiled again, it had already turned a little forced. Evidently, she was frightened for real. “Alright, alright. This servant didn’t say she wouldn’t agree.”


 “Hmph!”


 Jasmine retracted her killing intent and no longer gave Moonflower another glance. Slowly descending from the sky, she landed next to Yun Che.


 “Jasmine...” Seeing the girl whom he could not be more familiar with close at hand, Yun Che lightly called out. His voice was so fleeting even he was unable to hear it clearly.


 “All the unrelated people scram!!” Jasmine lightly crooned, and she suddenly waved her small hand.


 A tornado swirled up into the air. Among the cries of shock that filled the sky, the surrounding people, tables, chairs and even the entire Phoenix Main Hall was swept up by the tornado, and then flung far away.


 In an instant, a terrifyingly flat empty space appeared in a three kilometer area around them, not a single human shadow or bit of debris could be seen. The two of them were the only ones left at the center of this world.

