

Chapter 1553 - Qianye Qianying (3)

 There was absolutely no one in this world who would have imagined or believed that such words would actually come out of the Brahma Monarch Goddess’ mouth.


 If one were to say that she had been living a large part of life on behalf of her father.


 Then right now, and from now onwards, the greatest wish in her life would be to kill her father!


 To achieve this, she would not hesitate to do anything... and she meant it!


 Yun Che stared at Qianye Ying’er through squinted eyes... This was the first time he had looked at Qianye Ying’er’s face in such a direct manner. The last time he had caught a fleeting glimpse of her beauty, he felt as if he was being sucked into a deep abyss, so he had desperately fought to avert his gaze and had even given her a strict order to never take off her mask in front of him in the future.


 In his dazed state, he recalled that there was another celestial and dreamy voice that said similar words to him in that green bamboo hut that was surrounded by a huge field of flowers.


 It was just that this voice was far too distant... and it would also only exist in his dreams from now on.


 “That’s right. Your appearance is indeed a huge bargaining chip that you possess. In this world, I suspect that there isn’t a single man who could resist you if you use it.” Yun Che wore a half-hearted smile on his face as he stared at Qianye Ying’er, who was kneeling in front of him. Even though her back was against the wall and she had been forced to flee, even though she was filled with resentment and had been eaten away by the darkness for a long time, she was still beautiful enough to cause any soul to fall into depravity. “I am very curious about one thing though. Since you are so resolutely set on revenge that you are even willing to become a plaything for another, why didn’t you choose the Southern Sea instead?”


 “The current me is only a useless and lonely phantom, whereas the Southern Sea rules over the Southern Sea God Realm, a place which is second only to the Dragon God Realm. In fact, it has enough combined strength to completely suppress the Brahma Monarch God Realm which has lost you and the Three Brahma Gods. Given his infatuation with you and your cunning ways, you might very well be able to slowly shape him into your tool of vengeance and you wouldn’t even need to become my slave.”


 Qianye Ying’er did not even hesitate to give her reply. “He... is not... worthy!”


 “So I am worthy?”


 “...” Qianye Ying’er was stunned by that response.


 She was willing to be Yun Che’s slave but she would never want to become the Southern Sea’s empress. In her subconscious mind, the number one god emperor of the Southern Divine Region was not even worthy to lay a single finger on her, but Yun Che...


 “...Yes.” After she recovered from her short daze, she simply gave a one word answer.


 “Hehe, I really like your answer.” Yun Che chuckled as he slowly walked forward and stood in front of Qianye Ying’er. He stood so close that his body nearly touched her exquisite nose. He stretched out a hand and caressed her delicate head as he twined a few strands of golden hair around his fingers. “To be able to transform the Brahma Monarch Goddess into a toy that will listen to me forever, this truly is a temptation that is hard to resist.”


 “...” In the past, anyone who dared to stand so close to her would have long ago been turned to scattered dust, much less touch her. Qianye Ying’er did not resist or struggle but a slightly unsteady voice came from her lips. “I only have one request... In the future, when Qianye Fantian has been firmly ground under your foot, you must let me deal the killing blow!”


 All the sorrow she had experienced in her life, her own vengeance and her mother’s vengeance, all of it had to be paid for with Qianye Fantian’s fresh blood... In order to achieve this, there was no sacrifice she could not make, nothing she could not accept!


 As she finished speaking, she closed her eyes and resigned herself to her fate. Yun Che’s reply was not even important. Because she would very soon be completely under his thrall and become his toy. Even if he was unable to accomplish anything in the future, she would not even be able to regret it.


 Qianye Ying’er, who had settled her heart and quietly waited for Yun Che to plant the slave imprint on her, did not sense Yun Che’s soul power invading her body and soul. His finger slowly swept down from the top of her head as the rather cold tip of his finger brushed against her forehead. It brushed against the face that no man had ever touched before, until it finally stopped under her jaw.


 Yun Che’s finger gently lifted up her delicate face, causing her gaze to meet his at an incredibly close distance.


 “You. Do you do not desire to use your own power to personally deal with the person who has turned your entire life into a joke!?”


 His tone had suddenly become incomparably deep and dark. His head slowly sank down, until their faces were no more than a few inches apart. But his eyes no longer overflowed with rapacious greed and wanton lust.


 “...” Qianye Ying’er gave a miserable laugh. “I am already half-crippled. If I could do it myself, if there was even a slight glimmer of hope, how could I be willing to become someone else’s slave!?”


 “No, you can.” Yun Che said in a low and deep voice. “I can repair your profound veins and allow you to recover your... No, you will gain power that exceeds even the power that you possessed in the past!”


 “...” Qianye Ying’er did not say anything and her expression did not change either. It was clear that she was unable to bring herself to believe his words.


 Yun Che slowly withdrew his hand and stretched out both arms. The white light that shone from his left hand was the bright divine light that flowed with the power of the Divine Miracle of Life. In his right hand... was a drop of scarlet blood which radiated a black light so dense and thick that she could not quite describe it. It looked like a tiny black hole that had the power to devour everything despite its size.


 “You’re only half-crippled, so repairing your profound veins is as easy for me as flipping a hand. Also, this drop of devil blood was left behind by the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor. It is not simply just a drop of her blood, it is the dark origin blood of the Devil Emperor herself!”


 “...!!” Qianye Ying’er’s eyes bulged as she stared at the black light radiating from Yun Che’s hand. It was a darkness that completely escaped any words, a darkness that exceeded all of her knowledge and understanding.


 Yun Che was smiling and it was a smile that Qianye Ying’er still did not understand at this current point in time.


 Qianye Ying’er... The word was littered with countless geniuses who were crowned with the title of god children or goddess, but if there could only be one goddess in this entire universe, it would undoubtedly be the “Brahma Monarch Goddess”.


 Her innate talent was so high that no one in the Eastern Divine Region could match her. She had not even reached a thousand years of age, but her perception and understanding of the profound way had already reached the level of a Divine Master. Even after her Brahma God divine powers were destroyed, she still possessed the terrifying profound strength of a mid-stage Divine Master... This also meant that even if she did not inherit the Brahma God divine powers, she had still already become a mid-stage Divine Master before she had reached a thousand years of age.


 Such terrifying innate talent in the profound way had not been seen in the three divine regions since their inception. In fact, it was terrifying enough that she would have trampled on the title of the “youngest Divine Master in history” several thousand times.


 She possessed a Divine Master’s perception and understanding of the profound way, a peerless innate talent for the profound way, all of her profound arts had been destroyed, her personality was extremely ruthless and cruel, and the one burning desire in her heart right now was vengeance...


 How absolutely perfect!


 Could there be anything more perfect in this world!?


 “You want to... give this drop of Devil Emperor origin blood to me?” Qianye Ying’er asked... Her golden eyes had already been dyed pitch-black by the black light.


 A Devil Emperor’s origin blood. Even when she was still the old Brahma Monarch Goddess, she still had not even dared to dream of obtaining such a thing. But the current her, what qualifications did she have to receive such a thing, what bargaining chips did she have at her disposal to exchange for such a gift?


 “That’s right,” Yun Che said. “In this world, there is no one more suitable for it than you.”


 “...Are you telling me these things to make me more willing, so that I won’t resist when you plant the slave imprint on me?” Qianye Ying’er said with a cold and deep laugh. “Then you need not bother!”


 “Slave imprint? Heh...” Yun Che gave a derisive laugh. “Do you so badly desire to become someone else’s slave? You’re the Brahma Monarch Goddess who used to hold everything in contempt, the Brahma Monarch Goddess who would not even spare the number one god emperor of the Southern Region a single glance. But right now, you seem so damn eager to become a soulless toy... Qianye Ying’er, has the current you truly sunk so low?”


 “...What do you mean?” Qianye Ying’er’s gaze turned frigid.


 “I will repair your profound veins and help you merge with this drop of Devil Emperor origin blood. After that, I will impart an ancient devil art to you, turning you into a devil for all eternity!”


 To be turned into a devil for all eternity... The previous Qianye Ying’er would never have been able to accept it. However, to the current her, if she could obtain power that exceeded her previous power because of this, power that would allow her to personally take revenge, how could she resist?


 “But the price isn’t the slave imprint. Rather, it is to become my tool of vengeance... from today onward!” The white and black lights continued to quietly shine from Yun Che’s hands. “You will use me as a tool of vengeance and I will do the same with you... How fair is that!?”


 Qianye Ying’er stared at him as she tried to find any traces of mocking ridicule in his eyes. But the only thing she saw was a boundless gloomy darkness. A cold smile appeared on her face, it was both icy and mocking. “How childish and stupid! If you don’t plant a slave imprint on me, aren’t you afraid that I will become strong enough in the future to reverse our situation!? When that time comes, even if you want to plant the slave imprint on me, it will be absolutely impossible!”


 “Heh...” The corner of Yun Che’s mouth curled up and even his revealed teeth flashed with a gloomy paleness. “I can help you obtain a body and strength that surpasses what you once had, but I can also strip you of everything in a single night... Do you believe me?”


 Yun Che’s words were definitely not a lie. He would gift Qianye Ying’er that drop of Devil Emperor origin blood, but he definitely would not impart the【Eternal Calamity of Darkness】to her.


 “I can only merge with two drops of Devil Emperor origin blood at most, but the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor left me with three drops before she left. Do you know why?” Yun Che continued, “It is because I require an excellent cultivation incubator to allow me to perfectly merge with these two drops of Devil Emperor origin blood in the shortest amount of time. So this third drop of devil blood is for the incubator to use!”


 “Your body and innate talent are of the highest quality and you also possess only the purest and most original form of profound energy. There isn’t a more perfect incubator in this universe than you!”


 Yun Che was brutally frank as he spoke. “But what I want is not only your body and power, I also want your brains... I don’t want a doll who simply puts me first in every matter, understand!?”


 This time, Qianye Ying’er finally showed a violent reaction. The black light in Yun Che’s hand had entered her eyes and shone into the deepest parts of her soul. She slowly raised her head, her eyes astonishingly dull and calm. The look in her eyes was just like when she, as the Brahma Monarch Goddess of old, had grabbed Yun Che by the throat and had afflicted him with the Brahma Soul Death-Wishing Mark.


 “You won’t regret this.”


 Those short four words were said without any emotion. Neither did she bother to utter any meaningless oaths like “I swear my eternal loyalty to you and I will never betray you” to him, because those were the most absurd and ridiculous things in the world.


 “Very good,” Yun Che said as he looked down at her. “From today onward, you are no longer the Brahma Monarch Goddess, and you are no longer Qianye Ying’er either. Rather, your surname will be ‘Yun’ and your name will be ‘Qianying’.”


 His words were not a question but a statement.


 “Qianye Ying’er is already dead. Right now, only Yun Qianying exists in this world!” she said in a dull and soft voice. Even discarding her surname did not cause any ripples in her heart.


 The two words “Qianye” had once represented glory and conviction to her. But now, they were only an emblem of hatred and shame.


 Yun Che closed his right hand and the black light receded. However, his left hand, which shone with dense white light, lunged forward as it pressed against Qianye Ying’er’s chest. Pure light energy flowed into her body like a warm and gentle current and reached her profound veins.


 Since Qianye Fantian wanted to ensure that it was impossible for Qianye Ying’er to ever recover her previous power, the method that he had used to destroy her profound veins had naturally been out of the ordinary... It definitely left no possibility for recovery, even the Western Region’s Dragon Queen would not be able to do it.


 However, Yun Che, who had cultivated the complete Divine Miracle of Life, was outside of his knowledge, so he was the only exception in this universe!


 Two demons who had been abandoned by the world and consumed by vengeance, two former mortal enemies, had become each other’s tool of vengeance in this land known as the Eastern Frost within the Northern Divine Region.
The link to the origin of this information resides within Nøv€lß¡n★

 No one was aware that a seed of incomparable darkness had been planted in the fate of the Northern Divine Region, the fate of the God Realm, and the fate of the entire Primal Chaos from this moment forward.

