

Chapter 2028 - Abyssal Qilin Beast

Chapter 2028 - Abyssal Qilin Beast

The moment the dark lights flashed, an enormous black silhouette immediately pounced at Yun Che, accompanied by a terrifying roar that shook the vast Endless Fog.

What was the hardest thing in the world to control and resist?

Instinct! If it were a Divine Limit Realm profound practitioner before him or even a supreme True God, Yun Che would be powerless against them, but he could at least think of various ways to play nice and use words to deal with them. After all, there were many things he had on his body he could use to bluff his way out of situations.

Unfortunately, the only thing an abyssal beast had was the basic instinct to destroy all living auras!

It did not have a shred of caution or hesitation before it launched its attack. After coming to the Abyss, Yun Che had never truly fought with someone in the Divine Extinction Realm, but now he was suddenly attacked by a Divine Limit abyssal beast. When the power of destruction came down on him, the pressure and despair he felt made Yun Che feel like the entire Endless Fog or even the entire Abyss was pressing down on him.

The black silhouette with a nightmarish power instantly drew close. Yun Che could only vaguely make out a three hundred meter long shape that quickly filled his eyes.

The sound of gritting teeth was extremely loud. Yun Che’s arms rose horizontally and the Heaven Smiting Devil Slayer Sword appeared in his hand. Both his arms resisted the mountainous pressure, lifted the sword, and vehemently smashed down on the black silhouette with the power of the Heretic God that defied the laws of nature themselves.

Moon Star Restoration!

BOOM—

The incomparably huge power gap still could not surmount the Heretic God’s power of reverse punishment! 

An earth crushing sound surged throughout the Endless Fog. The destructive power of the Divine Limit Realm was instantly countered the moment it touched the Heaven Smiting Devil Slayer Sword, exploding into the body of the Divine Limit abyssal beast.

HOWL—

The Divine Limit abyssal beast’s cry immediately changed tones. The originally falling black silhouette was fiercely jolted and was instantly sent flying into the distance by the enormous power that came from itself.

Although it was an instant counter, some of the aftermath of the power still landed on Yun Che. He too was heavily sent flying. The Heaven Smiting Devil Slayer Sword cut a groove of several meters before coming to a stop. Once he did, he was already bleeding from all orifices and the bones in his body were in so much pain that it felt like they had been smashed.

Against a Divine Limit abyssal beast that couldn’t be reasoned with, Moon Star Restoration was the only power in his arsenal that could fight against it. However, its cost was huge and he couldn’t activate it again within a short period of time. Whether or not he could escape now depended on his fate!

He swiftly erased all the bloodstains that splashed out and restrained his aura. Instead of using Moon Splitting Cascade, he drove the surrounding abyssal dust over to cover his body. 

Due to the sudden rebound, this Divine Limit abyssal beast’s power and spiritual senses would briefly collapse, thus losing its target for a few seconds. By using the abyssal dust to hide his aura during this period, there was a chance that he would not be discovered again. 

Boom!

When the knocked down Divine Limit abyssal beast rose, it still seemed like it was still angry as a howl that clearly sounded many times more violent came out. However, that body-shattering, terrifying pressure had rapidly decreased.

Yun Che relaxed. As expected, using the abyssal dust to hide his aura made it impossible for it to find him again.

Without a target to destroy, the unstimulated destructive instinct would allow it to quickly calm down. However, Yun Che’s trace of respite only lasted for a split second before a dangerous aura that pierced straight through his heart and soul suddenly arrived from fifty kilometers away.

The enraged Divine Limit abyssal beast gathered the anger that had nowhere to release into its front claws and ruthlessly smashed it into the ground of the Endless Fog.

Even with the distance of fifty kilometers, the threat of death instantly smacked him in the head. 

He couldn’t care about hiding his aura anymore. He madly circulated the stars in his profound vein universe and released it all out. A dense layer of profound light that resembled yellow jade shone on his body. 

Qilin Sacred Palace!

A palace made of gold was instantly constructed around Yun Che’s body.

Compared to the huge palace built by the Qilin God in the Qilin God Realm, this Qilin Sacred Palace was much smaller. It was less than three meters but it was already the ultimate defense that Yun Che was able to build in a hurry.

There was no doubt that the defense and isolation of Qilin Sacred Palace was incredibly powerful. Using the Qilin God’s blood to activate it made its defensive capabilities alone surpass Burning Heart Realm Gate’s Sealing Cloud Locking Sun.

After all, the Heretic God was not good at defense.

To Yun Che however, Qilin Sacred Palace had a flaw that worried him. When it was activated, the profound light was too bright.

A profound light palace that just stood there was too conspicuous. 

As such, he had recently been trying to combine Sealing Cloud Locking Sun with Qilin Sacred Palace to create a protective barrier that was as defensive and structured as Qilin Sacred Palace, and as invisible and instantaneously releasable as Sealing Cloud Locking Sun.

It was just that before he could complete it, he had already met a deadly calamity.

Boomoom――――

The blast of annihilation engulfed Yun Che’s hearing. The Qilin Sacred Palace that had just been constructed a moment ago suddenly lost its color and completely collapsed after barely resisting it for a tenth of a breath, turning into specks of light.

Bang!Embark on an adventure to the origins at Nøv€lß¡n#★

Even though he had Qilin Sacred Palace’s defense, the residual force that struck Yun Che’s body was still as terrifying as a world-extinguishing divine hammer. He flew up like a withered leaf swept along by a hurricane and his consciousness was even plunged into a blank state by the explosion.

When Yun Che’s consciousness recovered with great difficulty, he had already fallen to the ground. Behind him was a deep ditch that spanned an unknown distance.

The intense pain that was everywhere flooded almost all the nerves in his body and the fishy smell of blood that still spewed from his mouth informed him about the severity of his internal injuries.

This was the power of the Divine Limit Realm. It was still terrifying even if it was only power from its fringes that came from fifty kilometers away.

He was already cautious enough, but he would never imagine that a Divine Limit abyssal beast lived here. 

“Looks like it’s a dead end.”

Li Suo’s voice was normal without any waves. “I can help you recover no matter how heavy your injuries are, but I can’t revive you from the dead. My apologies.”

“...” Yun Che clenched his teeth and struggled to get up. “I won’t die… that easily.” 

Before he had even stood up, he suddenly tumbled back down.

It was because that relentless terrifying pressure had once again pressed down on his body.

When he looked over, the distance between him and that enormous black shadow was not even three hundred meters.

Li Suo’s skeptical voice came from his soul sea, “Why has its aura changed so much compared to before?”

“?” Yun Che, who was anxiously thinking about how to escape death, turned his head at the sound of those words and was shocked to discover that the closeby Divine Limit abyssal beast was just standing still and didn’t continue to approach any further.

Its aura was still terrifying, but it seemed as though it no longer was a destructive aura that contained just violence alone. Instead, there was a strange emotion of confusion that absolutely should not come from an abyssal beast.

A pair of terrifying eyes looked his way, but those strange eyes corroded by abyssal dust were actually inexplicably quivering like a dark flame being blown by a chaotic wind.

It didn’t move and Yun Che also did not dare to move for a while until he saw the full face of this terrifying abyssal beast.

Abyssal dust covered its entire body but its form could still be clearly determined. It had the body of a deer, the tail of a dragon, the head of a lion, and a huge horn on its forehead…

This outline was clearly that of a Qilin!

Yun Che was stunned and stared straight into its eyes. Inside the critical situation of death just now, he vaguely felt that these eyes had an indescribable sense of familiarity. At this moment, he stared intensely at it… even though the light in its eyes had changed due to the erosion of abyssal dust, it was still enough for Yun Che to recognize that the outline of its huge eyes was clearly similar to that of the Qilin God in the Qilin God Realm.

Could it be…

Yun Che suddenly thought of something, then looked down at his own body.

He could be said to have spurred the power of the Qilin to the max when he hurriedly activated Qilin Sacred Palace. At this moment, a faint yellow colored qilin light was still circulating on his body.

Yun Che slowly rose. By the time he stood up straight, the Divine Limit abyssal beast still remained motionless aside from its pair of eyes that resembled gray flames. Its eyes trembled even more frantically, as if it was struggling and breaking free from something. 

After getting up, Yun Che didn’t try to leave. After a series of expressions fluctuated on his face, he began to slowly walk toward it, taking the initiative to approach this terrifying abyssal beast that could instantly wipe him out.

“You…” Li Suo let out a soft sound, and then swallowed her next words.

Yun Che raised his arms. Enduring his injuries, he circulated the Qilin God blood in his entire body and released an even denser Qilin God aura.

The qilin light covering his body gradually thickened, and as Yun Che inched closer step by step, it was reflected more and more clearly into that dark pair of trembling eyes.

Ten steps… A hundred steps…

The Divine Limit abyssal beast still did not move. Even the threat of death that came from it had gradually faded.

Yun Che asked, “You still have a consciousness?”

The abyssal beast did not respond.

Yun Che continued, “I have the power of the Qilin God bestowed to me by your descendant in my body. He had always been worried about you and felt guilty about you, and even his last wish that he entrusted was to save you.”

It was true. Its appearance, its eyes, and its strange reaction to the qilin light on his body all proved that the terrifying Divine Limit abyssal beast before him was most likely the one the Qilin God had mentioned. The one that had transformed into an abyssal beast, the Ancestral Qilin God!

In the face of Yun Che’s probes, its strangely transformed Qilin God eyes still remained unresponsive. 

At this point, Yun Che had already confirmed that its strange behavior when it saw the qilin light was not because it had any remains of its original consciousness left.

As early as hundreds of thousands of years ago, its body and soul had already been completely eroded by abyssal dust. How could it possibly still have its original consciousness?

The only possible explanation would be that the abyssal dust eroded its original consciousness and occupied its soul, but was unable to erase the words “Qilin God” and its bloodline from its basic instincts?

The instinct to protect the qilin light of the same race and its own descendants had surpassed the destructive instinct it gained after transforming into an abyssal beast!?

There was no time to put too much thought into it. Yun Che concentrated with all his might and reached out with his arm. A streak of gentle qilin light shot over, and touched the abyssal qilin beast between the brows.

This qilin light was not offensive but it contained his soul power. When the light touched the center of its brows, the soul power penetrated its body.

The abyssal qilin beast still remained motionless. It obviously only had to raise its claws to turn Yun Che into dust but it just raptly stared at the qilin light on his body, as if it had fallen into a dream it was unwilling to wake up from.

Li Suo suddenly realized what Yun Che wanted to do.

His action was extremely dangerous and bordered on madness.

Li Suo didn’t make a sound to stop him, nor did she take the opportunity to heal him with the Divine Miracle of Life. This was because the bright profound light could possibly trigger this terrifying abyssal beast that had suddenly become calm.

Yun Che finally found the location of its abyssal core and his soul power penetrated directly into it.

The Ancestral Qilin God had once been a true god of the Abyss. The Qilin God said that it was so powerful that it was much stronger than the seven gods of the Six Kingdoms nowadays.

As for the abyssal dust that could completely corrode it… one could imagine how great it was.

When his consciousness entered the abyssal core, the density of the abyssal dust stored within was indescribable. Its level was so high that it surpassed all the abyssal dust Yun Che had come into contact with thus far.

As the primal power of extinction, abyssal dust was also separated into levels like profound power. What existed in the Land of the Living was basically the lowest level of abyssal dust. As for the highest level… it was undoubtedly the primal abyssal dust of the past that could instantly devour a true god.

