

Chapter 1448 - The Gathering of the Powerful

 Chapter 1448 - The Gathering of the Powerful


 The Conferred God Stage, where the Conferred God Battle had been held, was the gathering spot of the Eternal Heaven General Assembly.


 When Yun Che had followed Mu Xuanyin onto the Conferred God Stage, all the Divine Master powerhouses from the various great star realms had already arrived. Even though there were hundreds of people seated, they all looked sparse on the enormous Conferred God Stage from afar. Yet it was precisely because of these few hundred people that the aura radiating from the Conferred God Stage changed to become extremely dense and heavy.


 This was because these few hundred people were a gathering of the strongest people in the Eastern Divine Region! Every single one of them was the absolute ruler of a star region and every single one of them stood at the peak of creation. Their existences were considered god-like in the current era and all of creation looked up to them.


 In the Eastern Divine Region that consisted of more than twenty thousand star realms and contained trillions of living creatures, there were only five hundred upper star realms and a mere seven hundred Divine Masters. Today, nearly all of them had gathered here at the Eternal Heaven’s Conferred God Stage.


 This was a spectacle that could not be imagined by a normal person.


 The already quiet scene became even more desolate when Yun Che arrived with Mu Xuanyin. Over seven hundred pairs of eyes swept towards them at the same time... With a few exceptions, the rest of the eyes locked on to Yun Che instead of Mu Xuanyin.


 What sort of people were gathered here?


 In the entire God Realm, Yun Che was probably the only person who was able to attract the attention of all these big shots at around thirty years of age.


 Everyone had heard the news that Yun Che had fallen in the Star God Realm back then, causing many to wring their hands and give lamenting sighs. It was only half a month ago that news of him being alive started to circulate, and now that they had seen him with their own eyes, they could not help but be amazed.


 They were also amazed by the fact that he was allowed to participate in this Eternal Heaven General Assembly when it was clearly only for Divine Masters.


 As he neared the Conferred God Stage, Yun Che felt his chest become stifled as his complexion grew somewhat irregular. As the eyes and auras of these terrifying Divine Masters focused on him, Yun Che’s body swayed slightly and he very nearly vomited blood then and there.


 Mu Xuanyin reached out and patted the middle of his back gently. Immediately, the dense aura covering Yun Che instantly vanished without a trace. His complexion improved and his breathing steadied.


 “Big Brother Yun Che, over here, over here!”


 In this gathering of the big shots where even fragments of clouds did not dare to float by, an incomparably crisp and clear female voice rang out. Shui Meiyin jumped up and down waving at Yun Che, clearly ignoring the strange stares from others.


 Shui Qianheng and her older sister Shui Yingyue were seated beside her.


 The current upper star realm with the greatest number of Divine Masters was the Glazed Light Realm, and all three Divine Masters had arrived.


 With a blue flash, Mu Xuanyin brought Yun Che and took a seat beside the Glazed Light Realm.


 Shui Yingyue turned and took a glance at Yun Che, and nodded her head slightly. She looked exactly the same as before, without a single change. Even her blue outer robe which seemed to ripple like water was the same as before.


 The appearance of Shui Yingyue did not surprise Yun Che in the least. Being one of the four God Children of the Eastern Region that year, it would be strange if she was not one of the nineteen new Divine Masters to emerge from the Eternal Heaven Divine Realm.


 Yun Che greeted Shui Qianheng and the two sisters before obediently sitting at the side of Mu Xuanyin... Just as soon as he had sat down, Shui Meiyin fluttered to his side like a butterfly and sat down beside him with a shy but happy smile.


 Her relationship with Yun Che had improved a lot after the last three days in the Eternal Heaven Realm.


 On top of that, Shui Qianheng and Mu Xuanyin had started to discuss the wedding date. She had basically started to see herself as Yun Che’s already.


 No one would believe that this girl with a sweet smile, and a countenance so beautiful that it seemed to belong to a painting, who disregarded everyone else and glued herself to a boy like candy, was actually one of the top big shots that ninety percent of the higher realm kings did not dare disregard... A seventh level Divine Master who possessed the Divine Stainless Soul!


 Shui Meiyin’s act of being hopelessly in love caused the hearts of many people to tremble endlessly.


 Shui Qianheng sighed under his breath and shook his head with a helpless expression. Shui Yingyue on the other hand was extremely surprised and stared continuously at the little actions exchanged by Yun Che and Shui Meiyin out of the corner of her eyes.


 As Shui Meiyin’s older sister and the one who had been with her the longest, Shui Yingyue did not understand why Shui Meiyin would be so smitten with Yun. It had been a whole three thousand years, and not only had her love not dimmed, it actually seemed to have increased even more.


 She suspected that something like “being possessed” truly did exist in this world after all.


 Yun Che’s vision swept across the place and he knew the status of all those present. He understood that it was even more surprising that he could attend such an event.


 He recognized many familiar faces among these people.
Unearth this data, retracing it to the very heart of Nøv€lß¡n★

 Huo Poyun!


 He started to keep his head low ever since Yun Che arrived. He had no reaction when Yun Che glanced at him, it was as if he had not sensed Yun Che’s arrival or his gaze.


 Jun Xilei... without a doubt! When his eyes met hers, he felt as if a sword had pierced his heart for a moment and he suddenly grimaced in pain...


 This vengeful little bitch, a three thousand year old witch! You can forget about ever getting married with that nasty temper of yours!


 Lu Lengchuan... Yun Che was also not surprised to see him.


 Their eyes met and both of them nodded at each other with a smile.


 “Brother Yun, it’s truly a fortunate thing to see that you are safe.” Lu Lengchuan spoke to him using sound transmission.


 “I congratulate Brother Lu on attaining the Great Way,” Yun Che replied using sound transmission.


 “It’s a pity that you did not enter the Eternal Heaven Divine Realm. Every time I think of this, I feel deeply regretful,” Lu Lengchuan said wistfully.


 “Haha, everyone has their own fate, please don’t take it to heart.”


 Beside the Shrouding Sky Realm was the Holy Eaves Realm. Yun Che glanced and immediately saw Luo Changsheng.


 Luo Changsheng’s appearance had changed drastically and become much more mature compared to before. Though he didn’t appear to have an exuberant appearance, gone was his frail and refined look. Both his gaze and aura were exceptionally reserved, like a tiger who was already used to resting, and unwilling to bear his sharp claws and ferocious teeth.


 He remained calm and indifferent to Yun Che’s arrival. He smiled mildly and even nodded his head as a greeting when Yun Che glanced at him. It was as if he had totally forgotten the humiliation he had suffered back then and did not even know of what happened just half a month ago.


 The only person at Luo Changsheng’s side was Holy Eaves Realm King Luo Shangchen. Luo Guxie was nowhere to be seen.


 How would she dare to embarrass herself when her arm should had yet to recover... that was what Yun Che was thinking.


 “Big Brother Yun Che,” Shui Meiyin whispered quietly, “you have not told me the reason that you are attending this grand assembly.”


 “To get in on the action of course. After all, this kind of huge spectacle will probably only happen once in a lifetime,” Yun Che replied telling half of a truth and lie.


 “Liar!” Shui Meiyin easily spat out before coming closer, her soft lips almost touching Yun Che’s ear, “Big Brother Yun Che, on the day that you defeated me, who were those two big sisters who were kneeling at your feet?”


 “~！@#￥%...” Yun Che’s body suddenly swayed.


 Mu Xuanyin’s eyes slightly tilted to side.


 “Let’s discuss that matter another time. In the future!” Yun Che said, his thick-skinned face had turning slightly red.


 “Pffft...” Shui Meiyin covered her mouth with her hands and looked at Yun Che’s twitching face with an adoring look. She whispered, “Actually, Big Brother Yun Che is a lot worse than he looks. To actually make such beautiful big sisters do such things. In the future... you’ll surely bully me in that manner as well. Hmph, how bad of you.”


 As she was speaking, his mind was once again filled with that imagery. Her cheeks were suddenly dyed red, immediately bringing out her charming looks which nothing in creation could compare to.


 “...” Yun Che sealed his lips obediently. They were at the Conferred God Stage of the Eternal Heaven Realm, surrounded by big shots. This girl was actually... practically a temptress who intentionally provoked one’s heart!


 Yun Che glanced around guiltily... it would be bad if her father or older sister heard that.


 “Oh right, oh right,” she whispered again. This time, the tip of her nose came into contact with Yun Che’s ear and gently tickled him, “Have you ever bullied your master that way before?”


 “Coughcoughcoughcough...” Yun Che trembled all over as he instantly choked on his saliva and did not manage to catch his breath for a long while.


 Mu Xuanyin, “...”


 “Don’t, don’t, don’t, don’t, don’t, don’t speak such nonsense! She, she, she is my master... You, you, you, you...”


 It was as if someone had grabbed Yun Che’s head and pressed his mouth to the ground and the words that came out of his mouth were all jumbled up.


 He was guilty after all...


 “Ohhh...” Shui Meiyin dragged her words and finally decided to let Yun Che off.


 After Yun Che wiped off the cold sweat, he started to retaliate immediately. Learning from Shui Meiyin, he sidled up close to her and whispered in a voice that he thought absolutely nobody would be able to hear, “Let me tell you something, what those two ‘older sisters’ did is called... the thing that you must do everyday after we get married, understand?”


 “...” Shui Meiyin’s face went completely red. Shui Yingyue, who was sitting beside her, glanced at them and asked off-handedly, “Sucking a flute? What’s that, are you two discussing some kind of cultivation technique?”


 Shui Meiyin, “...”


 Mu Xuanyin, “...”


 Shui Qianheng, “...”


 Yun Che raised his head with a stupefied expression, as if his vital organs had been strung up and he trembled greatly as he replied, “Nothing...nothing...you...you must have heard wrong.”


 “Heard wrong?” Shui Yingyue was about to ask again but she suddenly noticed Shui Meiyin’s abnormal expression, her face was so red that it looked as if it would ignite at anytime. Shui Yingyue’s delicate brows knitted and she asked with concern, “Meiyin, what’s wrong? Why is your complexion so poor?”


 “Ahem, don’t mind her, concentrate on the assembly,” Shui Qianheng said with a serious face.


 “...” Shui Yingyue turned her gaze back while suddenly realizing that everyone’s expression seemed a little odd. She did not understand and she felt a great deal of suspicion, but she also felt... as if she should not continue to ask?


 “You horrible person! You even bullied my sister,” Shui Meiyin covered her flaming face and whispered.


 “I clearly only bullied you,” Yun Che said with a grudging look.


 Shui Meiyin’s pink tongue gently licked her lips before she suddenly leaned towards Yun Che’s ear and gently whispered, “I will learn properly for the sake of Big Brother Yun Che and will surely do better than those older sisters. But you must teach me well.”


 After saying her piece, she covered her face with her hands and did not dare to look at Yun Che for a long while.


 “...” Yun Che felt as if every cell in his body was vibrating violently and his blood vessels were so swollen that they were about to burst. He closed his eyes, bit down on the tip of his tongue and chanted the Frozen Heart Art madly... It was a long while before his complexion returned to normal.


 This lass... was definitely the reincarnation of a demoness!


 On the other hand, Shui Qianheng literally face-palmed and a strange grief arose in his heart: Who exactly did I raise my daughter for.


 To actually step forward and give away the big cabbage he had devoted all his heart and soul into growing, a cabbage that he had spent a lot of painstaking effort on, to someone else...


 “They are here!” Shui Yingyue suddenly whispered in a low tone.


 At the same time, the aura on the Conferred God Stage suddenly condensed.


 The scattered clouds in the sky which were silent for a long time slowly parted. Space rippled like water and after that, an elderly figure began to slowly appear, bit by bit. He wore a gray robe and had kindly eyes, his bearing was powerful but not threatening. This was precisely the Eternal Heaven God Emperor.


 After he appeared, fifteen silhouettes wearing the same attire appeared behind him.


 All the big shots of the Eastern Realm stood up to welcome the arrival of the Eternal Heaven God Emperor. But when they could clearly see the fifteen people behind him, everyone was greatly shocked and their hearts violently trembled.


 Those fifteen silhouettes... astonishingly enough, belonged to the Guardians of Eternal Heaven!


 The Eternal Heaven lost two of their Guardians that year during the Evil Infant disaster. The once seventeen Guardians were only left with fifteen. With the Honorable Taiyu as their leader, all fifteen of the Guardians had arrived!


 This was definitely a large array of forces that far exceeded everyone’s expectations.


 “Haha, this old one is late, I’ve kept everyone waiting.” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor scanned the room before raising his hand, “Honorable guests, please be seated so we can start our discussion.”


 The atmosphere was already so heavy that a normal person would not be able to imagine it. But right after he spoke, another peerlessly terrifying aura made a sudden appearance on the Conferred God Stage.


 Six rays of different colors dropped from the sky onto seats exclusively belonging to the Star God Realm. It was the six great Star Gods!


 The Star God Realm had suffered great casualties during the Evil Infant disaster. Its core was utterly destroyed and the whereabouts of the Star God Emperor were unknown. Some of the previous twelve Star Gods had either passed away or left, and only six Star Gods currently remained. Furthermore, they could only take up temporary residence in the nearby subordinate star realms, so the current Star God Realm could be said to be miserable and withered compared to their previous glory.


 However, a starving camel was still bigger than a grasshopper. Without even discussing anything else, just the remaining six Star Gods and sixteen Star God Elders were still an incomparable force that no other upper star realm could hope to match up to. They still had great influence over the entire Eastern Divine Region.


 The moment the six Star Gods took their seats, their gazes all landed on Yun Che at the same time as if they had previously agreed to do so.


 Yun Che furrowed his brows as his gaze turned cold. Not only did he not avoid their gaze, he even stared back at them pointedly.


 In the end, it was the six Star Gods who shifted their gaze away, with different complicated expressions on each of their faces.


 Back when Yun Che had died, other people had only heard about rumors of his death. So when they heard he was still alive, they were all shocked... but it had just been shock and nothing more.


 But the six Star Gods had personally witnessed his tragic death themselves!


 His body had been utterly destroyed and not even a single piece was left.


 Thus, one could only imagine their astonishment when they heard and even personally witnessed that Yun Che was still alive.


 What was born together with their astonishment was a feeling of fear and unease that only they could understand.


 Yun Che’s death that year had been because of the Star God Realm and not the Evil Infant disaster. Furthermore, he clearly understood what the “ceremony” that was being held back then was about... and he had also figured out how exactly the “Evil Infant” had been born.


 If the truth was revealed to the rest of the world, one could well imagine what would happen to the Star God Realm.

