

Chapter 1421 - A Lot of Face

 Chapter 1421 - A Lot of Face


 When that voice rang out, it was as if an invisible and gloomy cloud had descended to the earth. The voice actually silently erased the originally tense and hostile atmosphere. What took its place was an oppressive feeling that made it hard for everyone to breathe, despite clearly being as gentle as a dream.


 A purple-colored rift split open in the cold and desolate air, and the figure of a woman slowly strode out of it. She was dressed in luxurious imperial robes that were sparkling with a crystalline purple light. An amethyst crown rested on her head, her face glowed like a bright moon and her eyes were like purple stars... The moment her figure appeared, Luo Guxie’s and Shui Qianheng’s expressions changed. It was as if a void had suddenly devoured all of the profound energy that was radiating from their bodies as it disappeared into thin air.


 “...” Mu Xuanyin’s gaze swivelled, her icy brows slanting slightly.
The link to the origin of this information resides within Nøv€lß¡n★

 A strange cold desolateness suddenly appeared in the world for a few breaths... This was because a person who absolutely should not have appeared in this place had appeared.


 The Moon God Emperor!


 After a moment of shock, Shui Qianheng swiftly came back to himself. He raised his hands and bowed as he said, “Glazed Light Realm’s Shui Qianheng greets the Moon God Emperor! Over the past few years, I have paid several visits to the Moon God Realm but I have not yet been able to fulfill my wishes. So to be able to see the new emperor of the Moon God Realm today causes me to feel greatly fortunate.”


 Xia Qingyue faintly inclined her head. Her eyes swept across Shui Qianheng’s and Shui Meiyin’s bodies before she spoke to Mu Xuanyin, “Senior Mu, it’s been a long time.”


 This greeting and form of address caused Shui Qianheng’s eyebrows to jump as great shock overwhelmed his heart. This was because as a god emperor, one stood at the very pinnacle of the universe, so they could speak bluntly to everyone else. Yet she had addressed Mu Xuanyin as... “Senior”?


 This, this...


 From the moment Xia Qingyue appeared, Shui Meiyin’s mouth had gaped open. She sidled up to Shui Qianheng and asked in a very soft voice, “Daddy, is she really the big sister from back then?”


 Before she entered the Eternal Heaven Pearl, she had seen Xia Qingyue once before in the Moon God Realm. But now that she saw her again, besides her appearance, she was completely unable to connect this person to the Xia Qingyue in her memories.


 Shui Qianheng gave a bitter laugh, “What big sister? She happens to be the youngest god emperor in the history of the God Realm. She’s three thousand years younger than you.”


 Shui Meiying: ╭(╯^╰)╮


 Mu Xuanyin said, “It’s only been a few years, so it can’t really be said to be a long time. I heard that you inherited the will of the previous Moon God Emperor and that you were made the new emperor of the Moon God Realm. I can assume that you’ve been through your fair share of trials and tribulations over the past few years.”


 Xia Qingyue’s gaze was deep and gloomy but her voice was soft and relaxed, “Without experiencing trials and tribulations, how can one be worthy of the two words ‘god emperor’? However, because Qingyue has been hindered by these trials, I have been delayed from visiting you until today. This alone already fills me with deep regret.”


 These few simple words exchanged by Mu Xuanyin and Xia Qingyue caused Luo Guxie’s and Shui Qianheng’s expressions to undergo several changes. On one side, you had a middle realm king, on the other side, you had the new Moon God Emperor. The difference in status was like the difference between heaven and earth, yet when they conversed... it was clear that Xia Qingyue was actually the one who was showing respect?


 Xia Qingyue’s gaze swivelled around and her tone abruptly changed, “Luo Guxie, this king just asked you, are you really going to start a fight in the Snow Song Realm?”


 Xia Qingyue’s arrival had caused everyone to be reminded of the Yun Che’s other identity.


 The former husband of the Moon God Emperor!


 Back then, this matter had caused a huge stir and the entire universe knew about it.


 A few years ago, during that grand wedding in the Moon God Realm, Xia Qingyue had abandoned the Moon God Emperor by fleeing together with Yun Che, shocking the entire Eastern Divine Region. After that, Yun Che stayed in the Dragon God Realm while Xia Qingyue returned to the Moon God Realm. After that, the Moon God Realm announced the news that Yue Wuya had taken Xia Qingyue as his foster daughter...


 Everyone had originally thought that this was a hamfisted attempt by Yue Wuya to save face. But after the Evil Infant disaster, Yue Wuya had fallen and the will he had left behind had not conferred the seat of god emperor to his eldest son or the other Moon Gods. Instead, he had conferred it to Xia Qingyue.


 When this outrageous news spread, the entire universe was struck dumb.


 The Moon God Realm unsurprisingly descended into a state of internal conflict. But what was even more unimaginable than the previous news was that this internal struggle only lasted for a short span of two years before being completely pacified. Xia Qingyue was officially appointed emperor and everyone in the entire Moon God Realm both submitted to her and held her in great respect. There was no longer a single person who would even try to call her qualifications into question anymore.


 No one knew how Xia Qingyue, a woman who was only thirty years of age, who had not even been born in the Moon God Realm, was able to subjugate the vast Moon God Realm in two short years. However, it was undoubtedly true that any person with a working brain would absolutely not dare to show even the slightest bit of contempt towards the new Moon God Emperor, someone who had also become the youngest god emperor in the history of the God Realm.


 Luo Guxie spoke in a slow and measured voice, “I heard that since the Moon God Emperor was officially coronated, she has not taken a step out of the Moon God Realm and she has also not accepted any congratulations. Yet you have personally come to the Snow Song Realm on this very day. Could it be that it is also for the sake of Yun Che?”


 In the end, Luo Guxie was still Luo Guxie. Even when she was confronted with the personal arrival of the Moon God Emperor, her expression still remained hard.


 Xia Qingyue, “...”


 “Heh,” Luo Guxie let out a dry chuckle as she spoke, “To think that the emperor of the Moon God Realm would actually personally appear at a middle star realm for the sake of a mere earthly marriage. If news of this were to spread, not only would it be a gigantic joke, it would also humiliate the Moon God Realm! You just ascended to the throne so it would be best if you did not do anything that would harm your dignity as an emperor during this period, when you are still stabilizing and entrenching your power.”


 “...” Shui Qianheng softly exhaled as he looked at Luo Guxie.


 He had very seldom crossed paths with Luo Guxie, but he had known about her reclusive and eccentric nature since long ago. Even though the Holy Eaves Realm was a huge and majestic tree that towered over the sky, she had resolutely chosen to sever all relations with it all those years ago, choosing instead to be alone... and to this very day, no one knew her reason for doing so.


 However, her innate talent in the profound way was terrifyingly high and it far exceeded the talent of her elder brother, Luo Shangchen. In fact, it exceeded the talent of anyone in the Holy Eaves Realm, and even if she had been born in a king realm, she would have still stood at the peak.


 And today, Shui Qianheng had personally witnessed the eccentricity of her character. For the sake of taking revenge on a junior, she had not hesitated to become hostile towards him... But then again, since she had left the Holy Eaves Realm and was acting alone, she truly did not have anything to worry about.


 However... to think that she would actually still dare to be so rude when she confronted the Moon God Emperor!?


 Xua Qingyue’s brows sank, purple light faintly gleaming in her eyes as she said, “Luo Guxie, whatever this king decides to do is my own prerogative. No one has the qualifications to restrain me or keep me in check. Even if I am making a colossal mistake, you are still far from being worthy of reprimanding me or even offering me your opinion!”


 Luo Guxie’s body swayed and she raised her eyebrows slightly yet she found it hard to speak.


 “This king’s visit has nothing to do with Yun Che,” Xia Qingyue coldly said, “but...”


 She extended a hand as cold energy suddenly burst forth from her body and an ice crystal congealed in the palm of her hand... Even though it was only a delicate and tiny ice crystal, it caused a penetrating cold to radiate out over a large distance.


 “This is... the Ice Phoenix God Investiture Canon!?” Shui Qianheng yelled out unwittingly, his heart greatly shaken. Luo Guxie’s expression also faintly changed at this moment.


 Xia Qingyue withdrew her palm and the ice crystal and cold energy vanished without a trace in the next instant. She looked down at Luo Guxie as she coldly said, “Luo Guxie, given your knowledge and experience, there is no way that you did not recognize the Ice Phoenix God Investiture Canon that this king just used, correct?”


 “Before this king was made emperor, I owed the Snow Song Realm a great debt of gratitude and the Divine Ice Phoenix Sect could also be considered half of this king’s sect. If a person wants to behave atrociously in the Snow Song Realm today, do you think I can let it lie?”


 Mu Xuanyin, “...”


 Shui Qianheng swiftly followed up by saying, “Everyone has been trying to guess at the origins of the Moon God Emperor during the past few years but no one knows a single thing. It is only today that I discovered that the Moon God Emperor actually has such a deep relationship with the Snow Song Realm.”


 “The Moon God Emperor has already become the emperor of the Moon God Realm and has already taken her place at the pinnacle of the universe. Yet she has not forgotten her roots and she has even personally come to protect it. This Shui is filled with admiration and respect. If news of this were to spread, it would definitely be a story that would capture the imagination of the current age, causing all who heard it to gasp in admiration.”


 Shui Meiyin shot a sidelong glance towards her father as she covertly stuck out a tongue.


 “Of course, if you choose to believe that this king has come here for the sake of Yun Che, you are free to do so,” Xia Qingyue said as her voice grew cold. Heavenly might filled each and every word that she pronounced as she said, “You only need to remember this one thing. My Moon God Realm has no grievance against you but if you dare to offend or assault the Snow Song Realm, then that is the same as becoming an enemy of my Moon God Realm!”


 “Each and every one of these words has come from this king’s own mouth. If you do not believe me, you can give it a shot!”


 The corner of Luo Guxie’s mouth twisted as her features contorted, her tightly clenched hands trembling violently.


 There was no one who could truly not fear the title god emperor. No matter how arrogant Luo Guxie was, as long as she still retained the slightest bit of rationality, she would be well aware that she absolutely could not afford to offend Xia Qingyue.


 What caused her even more shock and fear was the Moon God aura that was pressing down on her entire body... It was so heavy that she could scarcely believe it was real.


 Everyone knew that Xia Qingyue had obtained Yue Wuya’s Zi Que divine power legacy... But, the awakening of the Moon God powers required time and Xia Qingyue’s personal strength had only been at the Divine Spirit Realm when she had inherited that power. Forget about three years ago, even if thirty years or even three hundred years had passed, it would still be absolutely impossible to reach such a level!


 She had came here today to take revenge over her past humiliation. So if she were to return in such a pathetic manner without having been able to expunge her shame, it would undoubtedly add to her shame... She did not need to fear Shui Qianheng, but with the Moon God Emperor here, her trip today was already destined for failure.


 “Hehehe...”


 Laughter that came from an aged and gentle voice rang out in the distant snowstorm, “Since the Moon God Emperor has already personally arrived then it looks like this old one’s trip here was unnecessary.”


 This voice seemed to come from an ancient boundlessness, yet each word that it spoke was mighty enough to overturn the heavens. Mu Xuanyin and Xia Qingyue did not react to this voice, their gazes merely shifted towards it. On the other hand, the expressions of Shui Qianheng and Luo Guxie greatly changed.


 An old man slowly appeared in the midst of the gentle snowstorm. He was dressed in a set of simple gray robes and his face was filled with a kindliness that looked as if it would never fade.


 “The Eternal Heaven... God Emperor!” Shui Qianheng gasped, words could not begin to describe the shock he felt in his heart.


 He had originally felt that it was quite excessive for him to personally come here and he had only come because of his daughter’s pleading and coercion. But he had never imagined that he would actually see the Moon God Emperor herself personally come... and now, the Eternal Heaven God Emperor had made an appearance as well!


 Two of the four god emperors of the Eastern Divine Region had actually personally come to this small Snow Song Realm!


 This was an assembly of personages even he, the Glazed Light Realm King, could not help but be shocked and awed by.


 “Grandpa Eternal Heaven, you’ve come as well,” Shui Meiyin shouted irreverently, her expression filled with happiness.


 Not only did the Eternal Heaven God Emperor not get angry, but he actually smiled as he stroked his beard. He looked at Shui Meiyin with a doting gaze as he said, “So it seems that Yun Che truly is still in this world. This is truly a grand and fortunate thing.”


 “The Snow Song Realm is extremely honored by the Eternal Heaven God Emperor’s personal arrival,” Mu Xuanyin said in a slow and measured voice. After that, she glanced to the side and said, “Che’er, the Glazed Light Realm King, the Moon God Emperor, and the Eternal Heaven God Emperor have all come here for your sake. You truly have a lot of face.”


 The moment her voice fell, a gap appeared in the sealed Ice Phoenix barrier. Yun Che’s figure swiftly flew out from within as he appeared in front of everyone.


 “Yun... Che...” Luo Guxie’s expression ferociously darkened the moment Yun Che appeared. A hatred that was shockingly dense flashed through her eyes... If the Moon God Emperor and the Eternal Heaven God Emperor were not here, she would definitely have launched an explosive attack with no hesitation at all.


 “Big Brother Yun Che!” Shui Meiyin crowed in surprise and delight. She completely ignored the situation around her as she prepared to take to the air and hurtle towards Yun Che. However... Mu Xuanyin’s icy eyes turned towards her at this very moment and she seemingly unintentionally fixed her gaze upon Shui Meiyin.


 Immediately, Shui Meiyin felt cold suffuse her entire body as she completely halted in place.


 “Huh?” She stopped in place, staring at Mu Xuanyin for a little while before staring at Yun Che for a little while. After that, the look in her eyes became very strange.


 Yun Che stood at Mu Xuanyin’s side as he bowed, “This junior Yun Che greets the Eternal Heaven Emperor, Senior Shui, as well as... Errr...”


 Even though the Ice Phoenix barrier was isolated from the world, it had not blocked out any sound. Yun Che had heard every single word that they had said. But when he personally saw them, his heart had become a tangled and chaotic mess.


 Ssss... Who was this impish beauty in front of him? Was this truly that silly love-struck young girl who wasn’t quite right in the head, who had been completely smitten with him?


 Qingyue... Moon God Emperor? This, this, this, this... How did she suddenly become the Moon God Emperor!?


 Moon God Emperor... A god emperor!? What about Yue Wuya!? Just what exactly had happened in the God Realm over the past few years!?


 Xia Qingyue did not say anything and her gaze was only focused on Yun Che for a brief moment.


 The Eternal Heaven God Emperor laughed as he sincerely measured Yun Che with his gaze. His smile was warm and filled with cheer as he said, “Yun Che, even though I don’t know how you lived through and escaped the Evil Infant disaster all those years ago, no matter whether it is your body or your profound strength, they are all well and whole. This could be said to be the most gratifying thing to have happened to this old one over the past few years.”


 The Evil Infant disaster?


 He had once again heard the two words “Evil Infant”, but under such circumstances, he naturally was unable to probe any further. Instead, he gave a sincere and grateful bow. He could tell that every single word that the Eternal Heaven God Emperor had said had come from the bottom of his heart.


 Given his status in the God Realm, the debt of gratitude Yun Che owed the Eternal Heaven God Emperor for simply coming here was already far too heavy.


 “Luo Guxie,” the Eternal Heaven God Emperor said as he turned around, “this old one was there to witness the grievance that took place between Yun Che and yourself all those years ago and I witnessed everything that happened with perfect clarity. As to who was right and who was wrong, whether it is you or the rest of the world, anyone who witnessed this event is well aware of what the answer to that question is.”


 Luo Guxie, “...”


 “Yun Che was an unprecedented divine miracle of our Eastern Divine Region, so my inability to protect him all those years ago very nearly became the regret of this old one’s life. Since he is hale and whole right now, I will not allow anyone to harm such a marvelous talent again... Luo Guxie, will you continue to persist in your obstinacy?”


 How much weight did the words of the Eternal Heaven God Emperor carry? In the Eastern Divine Region, every word that came from his mouth was no less than the words spoken by the heavens. Furthermore, the last eight words that he had said, “will you continue to persist in your obstinacy”, were not only a warning, they were also clearly tinged with anger.


 What had happened back then had happened in the Eternal Heaven Realm! And he had seen everything clearly.


 Luo Guxie’s body was trembling. But when confronted with the personal arrival of two god emperors, even if her skull was one hundred times harder than it was right now, she would definitely not dare to assume a hard stance. She sharply sucked in a breath before she spoke through gritted teeth, “Since this is the order of the Eternal Heaven God Emperor, how could I dare to disobey it?”


 She turned around, her chest heaving so violently that it looked like it was going to rupture. She did not spare Yun Che another look nor did she desire to stay for even half a breath longer, “Today’s matter is already finished, so I will take my leave now.”


 As her voice fell, hatred flashed through her eyes. After that she took to the skies and flew far away.


 But in the very next instant, a blue light suddenly flashed in front of her as in ice cold barrier appeared in midair, freezing even space itself as it sealed away her path.


 Luo Guxie’s body came to a fierce and sudden halt. Mu Xuanyin’s cold voice, a voice so cold that it pierced one’s heart, rang out from behind her. “Luo Guxie, did this king allow you to leave!?”

