

Chapter 900 - Heavenly Sovereign Conference

  

 “Don’t show such a terrified expression, I didn’t say I am going to kill you,” Yun Che said with a grin. “If I were to let you die so easily...”


 Yun Che’s eyes instantly turned cold and his voice sounded like a bone-piercing sharp blade, piercing into Xuanyuan Wendao’s soul. “How will I be able to face Uncle Xiao up in the heavens!?”


 Crack! Bang!!


 Yun Che gripped his right hand and a large bone in Xuanyuan Wendao’s throat was instantly shattered, while his left hand had also fiercely smashed onto his chest. With a dull sound, Xuanyuan Wendao’s body severely shook as an insidious profound energy heartlessly infiltrated his profound veins. In the blink of an eye, his profound veins were completely destroyed with all the profound energy stored within completely annihilated; not a single strand of it escaped.


 Ever since he grasped darkness profound energy, he had gotten more efficient with his ability to cripple one’s profound veins.


 Furthermore, the several people he had crippled recently all had both their profound strength and profound veins crippled, preventing them from even cultivating all the way from the beginning again.


 ...Most probably, these actions more or less carried his resentment of having crippled profound veins back then.


 The fear in Xuanyuan Wendao’s eyes turned into deep despair the moment his profound veins were crippled... Just a moment before, he was still having a far-off dream of becoming the lord of the world. However, in just a few breaths of time, this beautiful dream that had yet to be fulfilled had completely turned into a nightmare.


 Yun Che’s grip loosened and Xuanyuan Wendao fell limply to the ground like a dead dog. Not killing him, was not because Yun Che wanted to use him to threaten Xuanyuan Wentian... nor was there such a need.


 He was the person who killed Xiao Ying back then and also the main culprit who caused the tragedy in the Xiao Family. His life, should be judged by the Xiao Family!
The initial posting of this chapter occurred via noovelllbbin

 After kicking Xuanyuan Wendao into the Primordial Profound Ark, Yun Che, along with Feng Xue’er, rose into the air, continuing to soar until they were three kilometers higher than Supreme Ocean Palace before heading southward.


 The ocean region of the southern ocean was not calm today. Waves were rising all around on the ocean surface and a large part of the sky was covered by thick clouds. Yun Che and Feng Xue’er quickly arrived above the ocean palace and as Yun Che had expected, that thick and chaotic profound energy came from the center of the Sea God Arena of the ocean palace... Just like the Devil Sword Conference back then, Xuanyuan Wentian decided to choose the same location to host the Heavenly Sovereign Conference this time.


 Yun Che and Feng Xue’er shortened their distance from the Sea God Arena to ten kilometers before finally stopping. The two of them hid themselves above the layers of clouds. Though they were separated by ten kilometers, with their eyesight, it was enough to clearly see the scenes occurring in the Sea God Arena.


 “Let’s settle down here then. If we approach any further, it will be easy for Xuanyuan Wentian to notice.”


 While Yun Che said that, his arm wrapped around Feng Xue’er’s gentle waist as he activated Hidden Flowing Lightning, quickly concealing their auras.


 “It’s royal father and the others!” Feng Xue’er lightly called out in excitement, her eyes landing on the southern side of the Sea God Arena. Over there, she saw Feng Zukui, Feng Tianwei and Feng Hengkong’s figure and behind them was almost the entire line-up of Elder-level figures of Divine Phoenix Sect.


 However, Feng Ximing was not among them.


 Seeing that they were safe and sound with her own eyes, Feng Xue’er’s heart, which had been hanging in suspense, finally calmed down.


 Yun Che swept his eyes quickly around the Sea God Arena. The Devil Sword Conference back then gathered almost all the top-notch experts in the Profound Sky Continent and could be said to be the biggest event in the history of the Profound Sky Continent. However, the scale of this so-called Heavenly Sovereign Conference, had actually even surpassed the Devil Sword Conference. The large half of the Sea God Arena which was left empty back then, was already filled to the brim when the Heavenly Sovereign Conference had even yet to begin.


 The sects which were invited to the Devil Sword Conference were basically all present. On the other hand, those which did not participate in the Devil Sword Conference but were all prominent powers in their own respective regions, made up a larger number. Other than the forces in the profound realm, Yun Che had clearly spotted the powers belonging to the royal families of various nations, along with various large economic powers!


 The royal family powers representing the seven nations of the Profound Sky Continent were all present! And this included Blue Wind Empire, which was made up of several dozen people led by Dongfang Xiu and Qin Wushang.


 Thirty or so merchant guilds were present and every single one of them was well-known in the continent.


 Very evidently, for this so-called “Heavenly Sovereign Conference,” not only did Xuanyuan Wentian want to confer on himself the title of Heavenly Sovereign in the profound way... he clearly wanted to become the “Heavenly Sovereign” of the entire continent!


 The atmosphere of this Heavenly Sovereign Conference was also worlds apart from the Devil Sword Conference. Back then, no one had realized that he or she would actually be reduced to mere tools for Xuanyuan Wentian to release the seal on the devil sword and they attended the conference in order to “participate” and “watch.” Back then, though they were tense, at the same time, they were excited and filled with expectations. This time, however, the entire Sea God Arena felt like it had been covered in a large cauldron, enveloped by a layer of incomparably heavy atmosphere.


 The powers, royal families, and merchant guilds from the seven nations were all neatly and tensely seated with fearful expressions, not even daring to take in a huge breath.


 The Four Great Sacred Grounds—Absolute Monarch Sanctuary, Supreme Ocean Palace, Sun Moon Divine Hall, and Mighty Heavenly Sword Region, were already present. Huangji Wuyu, Qu Fengyi and Ye Meixie were all seated in front of their respective Sacred Grounds. Though all of them carried different expressions, they no longer possessed the pride and might they once had, as every single one of their auras was filled with different degrees of haziness.


 Ye Meixie was missing an arm, becoming a single-armed Heavenly Monarch. Though Huangji Wuyu and Qu Fengyi did not look different on the surface, from their auras, Yun Che immediately sensed that the two of them had clearly suffered considerably heavy injuries... Furthermore, their injuries were inflicted not too long ago.


 Ye Meixie’s arm had been crippled by the Little Demon Empress and there was only a single person in the Profound Sky Continent who could injure Huangyi Wuyu and Qu Fengyi.


 As for the people from Mighty Heavenly Sword Region, they were not seated in the seats at the sides of the Sea God Arena. Instead, they were separated into several square formations and all of them were standing in the central region of the Sea God Arena.


 Back then, the three sword attendants and a bunch of Elders of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region were were killed by Jasmine as if she was cutting vegetables and their most important Northern Region was even destroyed. Their overall strength could be considered to have plummeted and it could be said that they had even fallen off the level of a “Sacred Ground.”


 However, the Mighty Heavenly Sword Region today, from the Elders at the top, to the regular disciples at the bottom, every single one of them carried proud expressions with their heads held high. Putting aside the powers from the seven nations, even when they were looking at the other three Sacred Grounds, their gazes evidently carried belittling glints.


 It was as if they had stepped onto another level of this world where all the other existences, including the other three Sacred Grounds which held the same status as them, were reduced to mere servants.


 “Hmph, this scene sure is spectacular,” Yun Che said with a low voice. “Putting aside Xuayuan Wentian’s personality being influenced by the darkness profound energy, even the entire Mighty Heavenly Sword Region could not wait to expose the ugliest side of human nature.”


 “The looks of father and the rest are really scary,” Feng Xue’er worriedly said. “Big Brother Yun, what should we do later?”


 Killing Xuanyuan Wentian was their goal in being here but they had not actually expected to encounter such a huge spectacle.


 “Xuanyuan Wentian isn’t here yet, I do want to see what kind of performance he has prepared... Mn?”


 At the seats in the southeastern corner, Yun Che suddenly saw some familiar faces.


 Ling Yuefeng, Xuanyuan Yufeng, Ling Yun...


 Heavenly Sword Villa!?


 Why were they here? Though Heavenly Sword Villa had immense fame in the Blue Wind Empire, they were still not worthy of being invited here.


 However, immediately after, Yun Che saw Xuanyuan Jue who was seated at the very front and instantly let out a cold laugh. “This truly demonstrates what is meant by ‘when a man attains the way, his hen and dog ascend to the heavens as well’.”


 And what made Yun Che feel at ease was, among the seats taken up Heavenly Sword Villa, he did not see Ling Jie’s figure.


 “He’s here!” Yun Che suddenly said.


 Booooom...


 The moment Yun Che’s voice fell, dull thunder suddenly resounded from the east and following after, the sky in the east gradually darkened. The thick clouds that were initially bluish white, were quickly dyed in black and even the entire space had begun to dim. The atmosphere that was suppressive in the first place, instantly turned even heavier, as every single person present felt as if their chest was being pressed down by fifteen tons of profound metal.


 The looks on everyone in the Sea God Arena, including the three great Sacred Masters and the many Elders of the Sacred Grounds, changed one after the other. Because even at the level of strength they possessed, they could still clearly sense a terrifying pressure that could shake their souls. This pressure was completely different from the regular suppression with the use of profound auras. It was as if there was a dark, colossal devil standing above their heads with its pitch-black mouth wide open and it could swallow them into the abyss of death at any moment.


 “Saint Emperor, has Xuanyuan Wentian truly become as powerful as... you have described?”


 Behind Huangji Wuyu, Spiritual Master Bitter Agony, the leader of the twelve Spiritual Masters, said with a low voice. Even before Xuanyuan Wentian had made his appearance, this pressure coming from the far distance was already able to stir his heart.


 “Hss...” Huangji Wuyu slightly gritted his teeth. “What’s going on? Xuanyuan Wentian’s aura, has actually grown so much stronger than before... Just what is going on with his strength!?”


 “Wh... What?” Spiritual Master Bitter Agony’s entire body shook.


 “Sovereign of the Seas...” The face of Zi Ji, who was standing next to the Sovereign of the Seas Qu Fengyi, had completely lost its calm as well. Just as he was about to speak, Qu Fengyi hurriedly raised her hand, stopping him from continuing. Her expression, which was sunken in the first place, had turned even darker than before.


 “Xuanyuan Wentian!” Feng Xue’er reached out her hand to cover her lips, as endless shock filled her eyes. “His aura, has truly gotten... even more terrifying than last time!”


 “And his strength did not just increase by a little.” Yun Che’s brows sank as he slightly clenched his fists.


 This monster which was the fusion of the powers of three people—Ye Mufeng from a thousand years ago, Fen Juechen who had experienced a strange rebirth, and Xuanyuan Wentian... was truly terrifying to the extreme. He was already a monster that could not be explained or understood with common sense!!


 With Xuanyuan Wentian’s present condition, even if Yun Che did not take the initiative to look for him, he would have soon broken into the Illusory Demon Realm anyway.


 Black clouds were moving amidst the dull thunder, all the way to the skies right above the Sea God Arena. Then, with a loud explosive sound, a pitch-black figure, carrying a dark aura that could suffocate people, descended upon the Sea God Arena from the sky.


 “We welcome the Heavenly Sovereign!”


 The people of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region who had waited in formation at the center of the Sea God Arena, knelt down together and shouted out in unison. When Mighty Heavenly Sword Region, a force which clearly had their powers weakened by a great extent, shouted the words “we welcome the Heavenly Sovereign”, it was actually several times louder and more resounding compared to the time they shouted “we welcome the Sword Master” during the Devil Sword Conference.


 Xuanyuan Wentian slowly descended and stopped right before touching the ground as he stood at the very center of the Sea God Arena. Dressed entirely in black with large sleeves, his black hair extended to his waist. His face carried a grayish color and his eyes were covered with an occasional black glow.


 He raised his head and swept his eyes towards the front, the corners of his lips stretched into a slight smile... However, it was not the usual relaxed and composed smile but an indescribable low smile that made people feel extremely uncomfortable.


 The smile of a devil!


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s arrival had caused the temperature of the Sea God Arena, which was enveloped in an incomparably oppressive atmosphere, to suddenly fall. The various forces of the seven nations tremblingly stood up in a hurried manner, however, all of their heads were lowered, not daring to even glance at this terrifying devil god.


 If Xuanyuan Wentian was merely logic-defyingly powerful, the masses would not be terrified to such an extent... After all, to them, the past Xuanyuan Wentian was similarly a god-like existence who was standing at a height they could not possibly reach.


 However, in just a short few months, nearly a hundred sects had already been annihilated under the hands of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region and among them, some were even personally dealt with by Xuanyuan Wentian himself. According to rumors, several thousand experts belonging to the three Great Sacred Grounds were even massacred by Xuanyuan Wentian one after another... And in the end, the other three Sacred Grounds could only endure this humiliation and suppress their indignation.


 The current Xuanyuan Wentian not only possessed unmatched strength, he even held the highest authority of determining the lives and deaths in the Profound Sky Continent. If he wanted someone to die, that person definitely would not be able to see the sun on the second day.


 In the past, the other three Sacred Grounds could restrain Mighty Heavenly Sword Region.


 But in the current Profound Sky Continent, there was no longer any power that could restrain Xuanyuan Wentian!!

