

Chapter 1754 - Brahma Monarch Ancestors

 “There are two great threats to watch out for in the Brahma Monarch God Realm. The first one is Qianye Fantian, and the second one... is a Brahma King with a death wish.”


 This was something Qianye Ying’er told Yun Che and Chi Wuyao while they were still preparing to invade the Eastern Divine Region.


 “A cultivator of the Brahma Monarch inheritance is powerful both in terms of their power and their soul! Not only could they cultivate an independent Brahma Soul, they could also execute a suicidal technique called ‘Brahma Soul Ashes’ through their Brahma soul energy!”


 “Therefore, it is never a good idea to attack the Brahma Monarch God Realm by force. Instead, we should drive them into a corner and find a suitable ‘tool’ to bear the brunt of that technique for us. The good news is... we have both the tool and the bait in our possession.”


 Qianye Ying’er clearly knew who to use and what to use already when she spoke of her plan.


 “The two most difficult parts of this plan are the part where we drive the Brahma Monarch Realm into a corner... and the part where we minimize the ‘tool’s’ vigilance and maximize his desires.”


 “Don’t worry. The Brahma Soul Ashes is the Brahma Kings’ ultimate trump card, and since no one has ever been able to drive the Brahma Monarch God Realm into a corner, it has never been used... meaning that neither the Dragon God Realm nor the Southern Sea Realm are aware of its existence.”


 ............


 When the Eighth Brahma King and the Thirteenth Brahma King flew toward the Western Hell Sea King, the rest of the Brahma Kings had spun around to keep the latter in place with all of their power. They didn’t defend themselves even when the Sea Gods seized the opening to blow holes in their bodies.


 The combined pressure of ten Brahma Kings was too much even for the Western Hell Sea King was able to break free immediately. An instant was all the Eighth Brahma King needed to wrap his arms around the Sea King’s waist, and the Thirteenth Brahma King to grab his right leg.


 Boom!!


 The Western Hell Sea King sneered and detonated his power. The zero distance explosion broke the two Brahma Kings’ arm and chest bones, and blood sprayed out of their lips, but they never let go of the Western Hell Sea King.


 At the same time, golden scars started appearing all across their bodies, and golden light flooded their eyes.


 Alarm bells rang inside the Western Hell Sea King’s head as a terrible chill shot up his spine. He blurted, “Wha... what are you doing!?”


 Sensing that something unusual was happening, the Southern Hell Sea King abruptly changed targets and attacked the Eighth Brahma King.


 BOOM!!


 The blast of energy caused the Eighth Brahma King’s back to cave inward, but the golden scars were still spreading at an unbelievable rate... at the same time, the Southern Hell Sea King’s soul started screaming at him to escape as far away as possible from the trio.


 “Brahma... Soul... Ashes!”


 The two Brahma Kings shouted the final words of their lives before a golden light engulfed both of them... and exploded without warning.


 BOOM—


 The golden explosion looked like a sun in the sky. It was no power the two Brahma Kings should be able to unleash even if they were twice as strong as they were... and it was accompanied by the terrible screams of the Western Sea Hell King.


 “...!?” Nan Wansheng looked back at his injured subordinate in shock, but he only flew faster toward the tower where his object of desire lay.


 The Eighth Brahma King and the Thirteenth Brahma King’s bodies had turned into golden dust during the explosion. The Western Hell Sea King was sent flying like a broken blood bag.


 His upper torso looked like broken porcelain, and his right leg was completely missing. To say that he was badly mutilated would be an understatement.


 He was one of the four great Sea Kings. Somehow, he was able to survive the self-destruction of two Brahma Kings.


 The terrifying golden explosion had scared away the Southern Hell Sea King and the six Sea Gods, but not the First Brahma King and the Second Brahma King. They charged the Western Hell Sea King and launched their full power at the dying Western Hell Sea King.


 Two more explosions followed before the golden explosion had faded completely. This time, the Western Hell Sea King shattered into bloody pieces of flesh and bones before he could even let out a scream.


 “!!” The Southern Sea God Emperor looked back again with deep shock in his eyes.


 The battle had only just begun, but multiple lives were lost already.


 The Brahma Monarch God Realm was dying as they fought, so the Southern Sea forces thought that they could step all over them and more. They never thought that they would lose the Western Hell Sea King in just a couple of breaths’ time!


 The four Sea Kings were all peak level ten Divine Masters! They were second only to the god emperors, not to mention that they served the Southern Sea God Realm, the strongest realm of the Southern Divine Region!


 And he was gone just like that... just like that!?


 The Southern Hell Sea King’s pupils had shrunk into needles. The six Sea Gods’ faces were twitching violently.


 Anyone could detonate their own profound veins. In fact, it very often happened to profound practitioners who were driven into a corner.


 To detonate one’s profound veins was to detonate all of the power inside one’s profound veins. Naturally, it was a slow process. That was why few people used it as a killing technique even though they were on the verge of death. The enemy would almost always be able to escape to a safe range before one could detonate their profound veins.


 However, the two Brahma Kings had self-destructed much quicker than normal, and the resulting explosion was so terrible that even a Sea King was almost killed outright.


 “Heh... hehehe!”


 The Western Hell Sea King’s executioners, the First Brahma King and the Second Brahma King didn’t look too good despite their success. Blood was flowing down their lips, and their faces were scrunched up in pain. They were killing themselves every time they attacked at full force.


 But they were laughing. They were laughing in sorrow and grim determination.


 “This is the Brahma Soul Ashes,” Qianye Zixiao said behind the Southern Sea Hell King. “It is a technique that allows a Brahma King to detonate their divine power through the Brahma Soul immediately. You must be careful!”


 The Southern Hell Sea King clenched his fists and shivered all over.


 The death of the Western Hell Sea King... was sure to ripple across the entire Southern Divine Region. It was an unimaginable loss to the Southern Sea God Realm.


 Brahma Soul Ashes... who could’ve imagined that the Brahma Monarch Realm would possess a suicidal technique this terrifying?


 Who would’ve thought that two dying level nine Divine Masters would be able to take out a peak level ten Divine Master!?


 “No one is weak in the Brahma Monarch,” The First Brahma King said the words every denizen in the Eastern Divine Region would recognize. “This is a matter of pride and belief!”


 “For Brahma Monarch’s wellbeing and future, we can concede, submit, and endure anything... but we will never allow anyone to step on our final pride!”


 “As for him!” The First Brahma King pointed at Qianye Zixiao. “He is not a Brahma King! He is just a dog!”


 “...” No one noticed that an eerie, dark light was flashing chaotically inside the deepest part of Qianye Zixiao’s pupils.


 “Heh.” The Southern Hell Sea King slowly raised his head and stared at his enemies. His earlier disdain had turned into deep irritation and killing intent. “The Brahma Monarch God Realm truly deserves its reputation. We admit that we underestimated you.”


 “But you’ve also quickened your own deaths!”


 He pushed forward and caused space itself to collapse. The First Brahma King and the Second Brahma King were immediately thrown backward as their chests exploded in a shower of blood.


 The six Sea Gods renewed their assault after the Southern Hell Sea King charged toward the First Brahma King and the Second Brahma King. The situation immediately grew several times worse for the despairing Brahma Kings.


 The Southern Sea God Emperor was shocked beyond words when he sensed the Western Hell Sea King’s death, but he only hesitated for a moment before charging toward his destination at top speed.


 Yun Che was standing above the tower and watching everything. Right now, he was staring at Qianye Fantian even though Nan Wansheng was coming his way.


 The tower was completely empty because the guards had already died to the Heaven Wounding Thought Severing Poison several days ago. Gu Zhu was nowhere to be seen either.


 The Southern Sea God Emperor immediately summoned the Spirit Removing Devil Pick and pounded away at the sealing formations around the tower.
This chapter was first shared on the Ñøv€lß1n platform.

 The profound formations shattered in a series of flashes and loud noises. A couple of breaths later, Qianye Fantian finally caught up to Nan Wansheng, but he collapsed to his knees and threw up a mouthful of poisoned blood the second he hit the ground.


 He didn’t dare to nurse his wounds. He glared at the Southern Sea God Emperor and moved his right hand to his chest.


 Yun Che narrowed his eyes and crouched a little, ready to burst into action at a moment’s notice.


 “There are two old monsters hidden at the secret tower to the northwest of Brahma Monarch Capital.” That was what Qianye Ying’er said to him back then. “They are called Qianye Wugu and Qianye Bingzhu.”


 “They are my grandfather and my great grandfather... hmph. The people in the God Realm still remember their names, but I’m sure that no one knows that they’re still alive in this world. Even here in the Brahma Monarch God Realm, there are only five people including myself who know about this.”


 “They paid a special price and extended their lifespans using the Primordial Seal of Life and Death. After that, they secluded themselves next to the artifact both to stay alive and to find a way to enter the realm beyond Divine Master.”


 “All their senses are sealed when they are in secluded cultivation, and I’m sure that Qianye Fantian will summon them at the last moment. But he can only do that using the Brahma Soul Bell...”


 This was the biggest secret of the Brahma Monarch Realm; the fact that their ancestors were still alive.


 When Qianye Ying’er was going to sacrifice herself to save Qianye Fantian, she had specifically ordered Gu Zhu to seal away this part of her memories to prevent it from being known to Yun Che and Xia Qingyue.


 Qianye Fantian had also asked Gu Zhu about this... although the latter had lied and told him that the memories were removed, not sealed.


 As a result, Chi Wuyao was able to unravel the seal in Qianye Ying’er’s soul sea with ease using her devil emperor soul.


 Naturally, she quickly recalled all her memories regarding the ancestors and the Primordial Seal of Life and Death.


 That’s right, just like the Yama Realm and the Eternal Heaven Realm, the Brahma Monarch God Realm also enjoyed the protection of their ancestors. Although they weren’t nearly as old as the Three Yama Ancestors, the fact that they managed to survive this long would shock every living being in the world.


 In the Primordial Era, the Primordial Seal of Life and Death was inferior only to the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword and the Evil Infant Wheel of Myriad Tribulations!


 It was the third greatest Heavenly Profound Treasure in the world, and it granted its user eternal life!


 After the Brahma Monarch God Realm obtained the Primordial Seal of Life and Death, they spent countless time researching ways to use it. Finally, they found a way to trigger it partially during Qianye Wugu’s generation.


 Yun Che watched Qianye Fantian’s palm closely. The second he took out the Brahma Soul Bell, he would show himself and snatch the artifact.


 Qianye Fantian suddenly paused his movements as if he just recalled something. Instead of taking out the Brahma Soul Bell, he drew something in midair and created an isolation barrier around himself.


 Only then did he take out the Brahma Soul Bell and ring it, covering the area with golden light.


 “...” His plan foiled, Yun Che had no choice but to withdraw in silence.


 Bang!!


 There was another explosion, and a small half of the sealing formations covering the tower were completely destroyed. It was at this moment the sound of the bell entered the tower.


 Rumble!


 The light of all the sealing formations vanished at once, and the center of the tower suddenly crumbled inward. Then, a wizened old man flew out from it and charged straight toward Nan Wansheng.


 It was none other than Gu Zhu.


 “Heh!” Nan Wansheng attacked as he uttered darkly. “You again, you damn old man?”


 His expression suddenly changed drastically.


 His vision flashed white for an instant as one, no! Two gigantic powers dropped from the sky and landed to his right and left.


 BOOM—


 A dimensional crack about five hundred kilometers long shattered the sound barrier like none other and knocked Nan Wansheng away hard. The god emperor skidded across the ground for dozens of kilometers before he finally came to a stop. His skin was cracked slightly, and blood was flowing down his arms.


 Two pale figures appeared side by side in front of him as he lowered his arms.

