

Chapter 1623 - Heaven’s Lone Swan

 The God Realm of Absolute Beginning.


 Two slender and graceful women stood in this ash gray world. They clearly stood out, giving off a feeling that they did not quite belong in this place.


 “Are you sure it’s here?”


 Xia Qingyue floated in midair, her beautiful eyes surveying the scene below her. The ground in this place was full of pockmarks. Furthermore, only power on the level of a Divine Master could devastate the land in the God Realm of Absolute Beginning.


 Even though these marks of destruction were very startling, when they took everything into account, it was clear that this fierce battle that was on the Divine Master level had not lasted for too long... In fact, this battle was extremely short, and it was very likely that it ended in the span of a few short breaths.


 “Reporting to Master, this maidservant has already used the secret technique to verify this many times. It is indeed in this place,” Lian Yue replied without any hesitation. “The traces of blood found in this place have also been confirmed to be the blood of an Eternal Heaven Guardian.”


 Xia Qingyue thought about it for a moment before speaking, “Has there been any changes with Zhou Qingchen?”


 Lian Yue replied, “There have been no changes in the situation. The news coming out of the Eternal Heaven Realm is that the Eternal Heaven Crown Prince sustained heavy injuries when he was training in the God Realm of Absolute Beginning seven months ago. He is currently recovering from his wounds in seclusion and no one is to disturb him.”


 “So his brothers and sisters, and even the Guardians themselves, are not allowed to visit him, correct?”


 Lian Yue considered the question before she replied, “That seems to be the case.”


 Xia Qingyue closed her eyes and remained silent for a long period of time.


 “Master,” Lian Yue raised her delicate head and spoke in a puzzled voice. “Even if an Eternal Heaven Guardian truly did fall here, it isn’t of much concern to our Moon God Realm. Why would Master even deign to come all the way here to personally confirm this?”


 “...” After a long period of silence, Xia Qingyue’s beautiful eyes opened, an icy purple light shining in them. “The person who killed that Eternal Heaven Guardian was Yun Che.”


 “What!?” Lian Yue’s head jerked upwards, unable to believe what she had just heard. Her very first reaction was that something had gone wrong with her hearing.


 What sort of existences were the Eternal Heaven Guardians, whereas Yun Che... Even if he had truly come to this place, how could he possibly have killed an Eternal Heaven Guardian.


 “He killed Qu Hui, killed a Guardian, but Zhou Qingchen is still alive...” Xia Qingyue muttered in a relaxed voice. “But of course. Since they happened to meet him, how could he let go of such a perfect opportunity to take revenge?”


 Lian Yue’s lips parted slightly, and she was still dazed.


 Even if it had been anyone else, they would still not be able to register the phrase “Yun Che killed an Eternal Heaven Guardian”.


 “Lian Yue, you can go first,” Xia Qingyue suddenly said. “There’s no need to monitor the Eternal Heaven’s affairs any longer. Devote all of your efforts towards investigating【those two people】. You can start right away.”


 “Yes,” Lian Yue replied. She was just about to take to the skies when she noticed the direction that Xia Qingyue was looking in. She blurted out, “Master, you...”


 “I still have other things to do.”


 “Yes, this maidservant will take her leave.”


 Lian Yue departed and Xia Qingyue also took to the skies as she flew straight into the depths of the God Realm of Absolute Beginning... the most dangerous place in the entire Primal Chaos.


 In the deepest part of the God Realm of Absolute Beginning was a place that many records speculated was the center of the God Realm of Absolute Beginning——


 The Abyss of Nothingness!


 An abyss that stretched out for an eternity, an endless and eternal gray fog.


 Xia Qingyue slowly descended from the sky and faced this terrifying “world” that could bury everything, that could return everything to nothingness. Even a god emperor such as herself was as tiny as a grain of sand in front of it.


 She slowly walked forward, and she only stopped when her feet came to rest at the very border of this terrifying place. The soundlessly moving mist coiled around her feet and if she even took another step forward, she would fall into the abyss and dissolve into nothingness... even if she was the Moon God Emperor.


 In the history of the God Realm, there were countless people who tried to explore its mysteries and anyone who could make it this far was undoubtedly a person who stood at the peak of the profound way. But once something fell into this abyss, whether it was a living creature, a corpse, an inanimate object, aura, or even light, it would be completely annihilated, they would disappear without a trace.


 Thus, no one knew what this “Abyss of Nothingness” was actually hiding and no one knew the reason for its existence. This was even the case during the Primordial Era of the Gods.


 One day...


 Two days...


 Three days...


 Xia Qingyue quietly stood at the border of the Abyss of Nothingness, her eyes dyed ash gray.


 She stood like this for seven days before she finally turned around and soundlessly left.


 As she departed, a very light and shallow smile flitted across her face, a faint smile that no one would ever be able to understand.


 When she returned to the Moon God Realm and reached the outskirts of the Divine Moon City, she sensed several auras that did not belong to the Moon God Realm. However, she did not stop or even spare those auras a glance. She simply returned to her own bedchambers.


 Very soon, Jin Yue rushed over to make a report. “Master, you’ve finally returned... The new realm king of the Glazed Light Realm, Shui Yingyue, and their former realm king, Shui Qianheng, have already been waiting outside Divine Moon City for several days. They are here to visit Shui Meiyin, who has been imprisoned in the Seventh Moon Prison.”


 “Throw them out.” Xia Qingyue didn’t even turn her head to glance at Jin Yue. She simply said those three words in an incomparably cold and harsh manner.


 “...” Jin Yue was slightly taken aback by that response. She strove to bury the unwillingness in her heart as she replied, “Yes.”


 “Tell them,” Xia Qingyue continued, “that they must honestly face up to the consequences of doing such a stupid thing. During these thousand years, Shui Meiyin can forget about taking even half a step out of her Moon Prison, and they can forget about seeing her until her imprisonment ends as well.


 “This time, I am only going to throw them out. If they dare to come and disturb us again... I will personally cripple one of Shui Meiyin’s legs.”


 “...Yes. This maidservant will convey your words to them,” Jin Yue anxiously replied. After that, she hurriedly took her leave.


 The Moon God Emperor discovered that the Glazed Light Realm had hidden the devil Yun Che back then. Even though the Eternal Heaven God Emperor pleaded on their behalf, the Glazed Light Realm was still punished severely. Shui Qianheng had been crippled and Shui Meiyin was imprisoned in the Moon God Realm for a thousand years. This was something that the entire world knew about, drawing countless sighs.


 But the people were not sighing about how Shui Qianheng ended up. Rather, they were sighing about Shui Meiyin’s fate. This was a woman who had been blessed with the Stainless Divine Soul by the heavens themselves, whose life had been illuminated by a dazzling halo. She was the next person to be crowned with the title of “Goddess” after Qianye Ying’er and she should have had a boundlessly dazzling future. However, because of a single error in judgement, she had protected a devil that was being pursued by all the king realms and ended up in her current situation.


 Given the Moon God Emperor’s vicious ruthlessness toward Yun Che, one could well imagine that Shui Meiyin’s fate in the Moon God Realm would not be good at all... In fact, it was very likely that her fate would be a miserable one, so miserable that no one even wanted to think about it.


 ......


 Northern Divine Region.


 Qianye Ying’er and Yun Che started to move. Previously, they had unintentionally poked two gigantic hornet nests because of the Untamed Divine Marrow, leaving them no choice but to leave for a while. It had not even been twelve months since they had left the Northern Divine Region, but now that they had come back, they did not show any signs of fear or panic.


 “Aren’t you going to the Thousand Desolation Realm to see that little girl?” Qianye Ying’er asked. “If we were to find out that the little girl has been destroyed together with the Heavenly Handle Yun Clan, that would simply be perfect.”


 “There’s no need,” Yun Che replied indifferently.


 He was well aware that Qianye Ying’er dearly hoped for Yun Shang’s death.


 Currently, they were in a star realm where fragmented black clouds always floated in the skies. It radiated an extremely dense darkness aura, a darkness aura that far exceeded the darkness aura found in the Thousand Desolation Divine Realm.


 This was undoubtedly one of the Northern Divine Region’s upper star realms.
Explore the labyrinthine roots of this substance at Nøv€lß¡n

 Yun Che did not know this upper star realm’s name, he was merely passing through this place. If one had to find a reason for their arrival in this star realm, it was probably because he sensed a large amount of profound practitioners and auras swirling in this place when they had approached it.


 Furthermore, Qianye Ying’er had not asked a single thing about where he was going or what he was intending to do. It was as if she was not concerned about it at all.


 As he faced the oppressive cold wind, the sleeves of Yun Che’s robes fluttered in the air. The Glazed Sound Stone that hung around his neck constantly bumped against his skin, imparting to him the only warmth he felt right now, a warmth that pierced his heart.


 Three years had passed. If Wuxin was still alive, she would already be seventeen... He had wanted to see her grow up so badly. He had wanted to see her grow into a fine and beautiful young woman.


 Three years... was very short.


 But to Yun Che, these three years had been far too long compared to any other three year period in his life.


 As long as he was willing, he could wait another hundred years, another thousand years... However, he simply could not wait that long. He could not wait at all. The hatred and malice that filled every drop of his blood constantly erupted. Before he could vent it, every day, every instant he was awake, he felt as if he was walking through the deepest and gloomiest level of a hellish abyss, a place that was filled with poisonous thorns.


 Rumble!


 A huge sound rang in the air and a small hill in front of them was split in half. They could hear the sounds of intense combat being carried on the wind and the furious and crazed roars of darkness profound beasts were mixed in as well.


 Several huge shadows appeared in front of them. Shockingly enough, they were five darkness profound beasts more than three hundred meters long. Their bodies were pitch-black and weirdly-shaped fangs extended from their mouths. Divine King level darkness profound energy exploded from their bodies.


 Two extremely tiny human figures were trapped in their midst. It was a man and a girl and they looked rather young. They were wearing similar clothes and radiating similar auras and the profound artifacts they wielded in their hands were extraordinary. Their cultivations were also in the Divine King Realm.


 Everything about them clearly showed that these two people possessed an extraordinary status.


 Yet, they were currently in the midst of what was perhaps the most hopeless situation they had ever encountered.


 Given their strength, if it was a one on one fight, they could easily escape without a single scratch. They could even join hands to defeat their opponents. But they had met five of these beasts at the same time, so the two people were completely suppressed by the devilish claws and sharp fangs of these five enraged profound beasts. Every single second was fraught with danger, with more and more wounds appearing on their bodies. Their hope of escaping was almost entirely gone.


 At this time, they spotted Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er, who were flying through the air. Their spirits were violently shaken and hope lit up in their eyes.


 The man let out a grunt, and struggled to find the time to yell in a hoarse voice, “My two friends! This humble one is the son of the Heavenly Net Realm’s realm king, Luo Ying, and I am here with my royal sister to participate in... Urgh! I beg the two of you. Please help us! We will definitely show you our gratitude!”


 The girl also let out an excited yell right after her brother. “I beg the two of you, please save us... Our Heavenly Net Realm will definitely not forget this debt of gratitude that we owe to you.”


 They had announced their identities almost immediately. Everyone in the Northern Divine Region knew that the Heavenly Net Realm was one of the upper star realms in their region. As the son and daughter of the realm king of an upper star realm, their revered status was not something that needed to be said. If they really saved them, they would owe Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er a huge favor.


 However... Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er turned a deaf ear to them. In fact, they did not even spare them a glance. They maintained their speed as they flew right by them, and soon, they had flown far into the distance.


 The ray of hope that had appeared had been cruelly shattered. Lou Ying’s excited expression instantly twisted into one of despair and he yelled in rage, “You bastards!!”


 RIP!!


 However, it was in that instant that the dusky sky suddenly brightened.


 Five beams of purple sword light fell from the sky like bolts of thunder. In an instant, they skewered five of the wild Divine King beasts. Exploding electricity instantly covered their bodies, completely freezing their gigantic bodies and powers in place.


 RIP!


 In the midst of the two siblings’ utter shock, lightning abruptly flashed. They heard a tearing sound that was not too piercing to their ears, but in that same instant, the Divine King bodies of those five wild beasts were mercilessly ripped apart.


 Boom——


 As those bodies, which were as big as mountains, fell to the ground, not a single drop of blood leaked out of their corpses.


 It was at this moment that a human figure slowly descended from the sky and landed in front of the Luo siblings who had yet to regain their composure. The purple sword strapped to his back still rang with a rumble of thunder which was faint but still shook the soul.


 He was a tall and well built man dressed in simple blue robes. His face was like white jade and it was exceptionally handsome. He looked very young, but his bearing and temperament made them feel like they were face to face with a true immortal.


 His face was calm and his eyes seemed to twinkle with a gentle smile. They could not even use the words simple and elegant to describe his bearing and temperament. It was as if they were looking at a superior being who had completely transcended the mortal realm.


 He had instantly killed the five Divine King profound beasts which had plunged them into despair, so his cultivation could truly be described as shocking. Luo Ying swiftly came back to his senses and gave the man in front of him a deep bow as he said, “I thank Senior for magnanimously lending us his aid. We can’t repay you for saving our lives.”


 “Ah!”


 Before he could finish speaking, the girl suddenly let out a sharp cry. Luo Ying immediately glanced to the side. He was just about to rebuke her when he saw that his sister’s eyes had gone wide and both hands had flown to her mouth. Her gaze was scorching and her eyes were trembling incessantly as she said, “You... You are... You are...”


 When they had been rescued from their desperate situation, Luo Ying had been so shocked that he had not taken a good look at the blue-robed man’s face. But at this time, his eyes swiveled toward the man and abruptly widened to the same size as his royal sister’s. After that, his body started to violently tremble as well.


 However, this time his body was not trembling because of despair. It was trembling because of the boundless excitement and disbelief he was currently feeling. “You... Could it... Could it be that... you are... Sir Lone Swan!?”


 The blue-robed man laughed. He declined to comment but his eyes suddenly turned in the direction Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er had flown. After that, he spoke in a clear and bright voice that did not suit this dark world, a voice that cut through the space they were standing in. “If one’s own strength is insufficient or if one holds a grudge against the other person, it is only reasonable that you don’t extend a hand to help.”


 “These two people were beset by profound beasts and even though the both of you possess the power of a Divine Sovereign, you left them to die despite having the ability to resolve the entire situation with the flick of a finger. You indifferently departed from the scene, how did that not sully the prestige of a Divine Sovereign?”


 “I’m afraid that the Heavenly Sovereign Assembly being held this time around won’t welcome two guests such as yourselves.”


 The sound of his voice entered their ears, and it was hard for anyone to find such a clear and bright voice in the entire Northern Divine Region. The owner of this voice possessed a status that was the symbol of an entire generation of Northern Divine Region profound practitioners. He was also an unsurpassed legend in a region.


 Qianye Ying’er’s face did not even twitch when she heard those words, much less turn around. Her reaction to hearing the squeaking of a mouse by the road would probably be greater than her reaction now.


 However, Yun Che’s eyebrow twitched and his eyes narrowed, his body gradually coming to a halt.

