

Chapter 1775 - The Devil Master’s Kill Order

 The lifespan of the dragon race was longer than the human race, so the Ash Dragon God had already seen three Brahma Monarch God Emperors come and go. As a result, he instantly recognized Qianye Bingzhu and Qianye Wugu.


 However, they were two people who had clearly already passed away!


 Even if a human reached the cultivation of the Divine Master Realm, their lifespan would number no more than fifty thousand years. To the human race, the number fifty thousand was just like the Divine Master Realm of the profound way, they were limits that could never be broken.


 Qianye Bingzhi’s lifespan had surpassed the boundary of that limit a long time ago so it would only be natural for him to have died of old age already, let alone Qianye Wugu.


 They had not only appeared in front of them full of life. Their auras were dense and heavy and even seemed to exceed what they had been back then.


 Besides the Southern Sea God Emperor, everyone who heard the names “Qianye Bingzhu” and “Qianye Wugu” had leapt to their feet in shock. This was especially true of Cang Shitian, the Xuanyuan God Emperor, and the Purple Micro God Emperor. All of them had seen Qianye Bingzhu in their youth and the person beside him exactly resembled the Qianye Wugu in their inherited memories.


 Qianye Bingzhu and Qianye Wugu had no reaction whatsoever to everyone else’s shock and alarm. Qianye Wugu opened his mouth to speak, his voice as faint as a wisp of cloud. “The two of us are people who should have died long ago and we no longer have much time left anyway. The reason why we still exist in this world is to send the Brahma Monarch God Realm off, there is no need for you to be concerned.”


 A strange light flashed in the Ash Dragon God’s eyes as his aura fluctuated continuously. But he immediately noticed his loss of composure, something that should never have happened, and he slowly began to suppress his agitated energy. He spoke in a cold voice, “It looks like the news we received many years ago was actually true. The item that your Brahma Monarch God Realm found along the borders of the Southern Region... really was the Primordial Seal of Life and Death!”


 The six words “Primordial Seal of Life and Death” exploded in everyone’s ears like thunder, violently shaking the hearts and souls of all who were present.


 “As expected from the Dragon God Realm,” Qianye Bingzhu said, his voice as calm and composed as ever. “It is exceedingly hard to hide anything from you.”


 “However, the Primordial Seal of Life and Death is no longer in the hands of the Brahma Monarch God Realm and there is no need for you to pay any attention to the two of us,” Qianye Wugu said. “Everything in the Brahma Monarch God Realm is now decided by its new master.”


 “Shut up,” Qianye Ying’er barked in a cold voice. “Why are you wasting so many words on a dead man?”


 Qianye Wugu and Qianye Bingzhu immediately stopped talking.


 “A dead man?” The Ash Dragon God was stunned for an instant. But after he realized that Qianye Ying’er seemed to be referring to him, his body bent backwards slightly as he let out a roar of wanton laughter. “Hahahaha——”


 However, Qianye Ying’er did not spare him a single glance during his laughing fit. She simply walked straight toward Yun Che.


 It was also at this time that the Southern Sea God Emperor stood up and stepped forward. He smiled as he said, “Ying’er, it’s been many years since we last met. How have...”


 “Nan Wansheng,” Qianye Ying’er directly addressed him by name as her lips curved up in what seemed to be a mocking smile. “I’ll let you guess. Do you think I’ve come today to congratulate you or settle our debts!?”


 Even though Qianye Ying’er had only been in the Northern Divine Region for a few short years, her mental state and her desires had undergone a monumental and fundamental change. This was in addition to the small changes that the devil blood, darkness profound energy, and Yun Che’s devil art had wrought on her body, causing Qianye Ying’er’s entire aura and temperament to undergo a huge and dramatic transformation.


 Everyone in the God Realm knew about the Southern Sea God Emperor’s infatuation with the Brahma Monarch Goddess.


 As the number one god emperor in the Southern Divine Region, there was nearly nothing in this world that he could not obtain. However, the one thing that he desired the most, Qianye Ying’er, was precisely the thing he had never been able to.


 It could be said that Nan Wansheng had not hesitated to do anything to win Qianye Ying’er’s favor back in the day. He would never reject any of her requests, even when it was blatantly obvious that she was only using him. Furthermore, he had endeavored to fulfill all of her requests personally as well and he even did so regardless of the consequences at times.


 It was a pity that he had never been able to even touch Qianye Ying’er after centuries of doing this, but he never felt any resentment toward her. In fact, his passion for her was quite inflamed. It was like an itch he could not scratch.


 Now, her change in temperament, her dark corruption, and the charm and grace that Yun Che had nurtured all combined to deliver a knockout punch to the Southern Sea God Emperor. The moment he laid eyes on Qianye Ying’er, he felt as if poison was flaring up in his veins, causing every single drop of blood in his body to stir agitatedly.


 However...


 The Southern Sea God Emperor froze for two whole breaths upon hearing Qianye Ying’er’s cold words. It was only then that he swiftly smoothed out his expression and smiled at her. “Even if Ying’er has come to settle debts, I will still gladly welcome it. Now that you’ve ascended to become the new Brahma Monarch God Emperor, you’ve accomplished your royal father’s greatest wish and it looks like he can rest in peace.”


 “I’m just curious but has the date for your coronation been set? I can barely contain my eagerness to attend!”


 “Heh.” Qianye Ying’er gave a cold and dry chuckle as her gait slowed. “Nan Wansheng. The longer you live, the more your mind regresses. It looks like all the women over the years have emptied more than just your body. Has your brain been emptied as well?”


 “Oh?” A broad smile spread across the Southern Sea God Emperor’s face.


 “My name is Yun Qianying.” She looked away, not sparing the Southern Sea God Emperor another glance. “As for that Qianye Ying’er you speak of, she died a long time ago. That dead Qianye Fantian isn’t my royal father either, he’s only an old dog who should’ve died long before he actually did.”


 “I am now the master and emperor of the Brahma Monarch God Realm. There’s no need for any grand ceremony and even less need for you to come and witness it... Do you understand!?”


 Her words caused shock and astonishment to erupt in everyone’s hearts. However, Qianye Bingzhu and Qianye Wugu, who trailed behind her, actually... showed no reaction at all to her words.


 “Also, ‘Ying’er’ is my previous name.” Qianye Ying’er’s eyebrows sank as she closed her eyes. “To me, it is the disgraced name of someone who is already dead. However, my man is a very narrow-minded person, so I can’t vouch for whether he will be angry or not if he hears that name.”


 Nan Wansheng’s face froze for a second.


 Qianye Ying’er arrived in front of Yun Che’s seat and said to Yan Three, “Get lost.”


 As everyone looked on, Yan Three, whose aura was so dark and sinister that it even caused the hearts of all the god emperors present to pound violently in their chests, retreated to stand behind Yun Che without daring to make a single sound.


 Qianye Ying’er sat down beside Yun Che while Gu Zhu, Qianye Wugu, and Qianye Bingzhu fell in behind her, their faces impassive.


 Space seemed to silently contract as all the eyes that looked towards them started twitching... Because within this imperial palace, this tiny hall, there were seven level ten Divine Masters assembled in one spot!


 Furthermore, with the exception of Gu Zhu and Qianye Ying’er, every one of these people stood at the very peak of the tenth level of the Divine Master Realm, the ultimate power one could aspire to in this era. Any one of them could defeat any god emperor of the Southern Region who was not named Nan Wansheng.


 This was a dreadful array of force.


 The people of the Southern Region were still trying to compose themselves after being shocked by the appearance of the old Brahma Monarch ancestors and the news of the Primordial Seal of Life and Death. But when they realized this point, the shock they were still struggling to overcome grew dozens of times greater.


 Even the Ash Dragon God, who had been provoked and enraged by Qianye Ying’er, who had been on the verge of exploding, started to look very grim. His face was far more grim and somber than it had ever been in the past.


 Seven level ten Divine Masters, five old monsters... This was before they could even take Yun Che, the one whom everyone could least afford to underestimate and whose power could barely even be guessed at, into account. This was when that most dreadful Devil Queen and “the number one god emperor in the Northern Region” had not even made an appearance.


 Most people attributed the Eastern Divine Region’s utter defeat to the tricks and schemes of the Northern Divine Region. This was especially true for the battles against the king realms of the Eastern Divine Region. The only one they had defeated in direct battle had been the Eternal Heaven Realm.


 At this moment, to their collective shock, everyone present seemed to realize that they knew next to nothing... about the Northern Divine Region’s true strength.


 The surroundings grew incredibly silent and oppressive, and no one spoke for the longest time. The Xuanyuan God Emperor and the Purple Micro God Emperor, who had both leapt to their feet, hurriedly sat down as an incredible array of expressions played across their faces.


 “Why did you come here for?” Yun Che asked in a somber voice as he side-eyed her.


 “If you can come, why can’t I?” Qianye Ying’er retorted as she turned her face to the side. It seemed as if she was rather unhappy with the way Yun Che had deliberately avoided her when he left.


 “How presumptuous of you!” Yun Che’s voice started to grow dark and grim.


 “Even if I am being presumptuous,” Qianye Ying’er said as she let out a soft snort, “surely Uncle Gu, I, and the two old guys behind me, won’t slow you down in any way.”


 “Furthemore, when it comes to grudges and grievances, I am the master of the Brahma Monarch God Realm, so I have far more reasons to come to this place than you do.”


 “...” Yun Che did not pursue the matter any further. Now that Qianye Ying’er had already come, he could not simply chase her away.


 She had actually grown quite obedient over the last part of their sojourn in the Northern Divine Region. But now that she had inherited the Brahma Monarch God Realm and gained power that far exceeded whatever she had in the past, she had started to “act up” again.


 “Hehehe.” A low chuckle rang out in the air as the Ash Dragon God slowly got to his feet. “The new emperor of the Brahma Monarch God Realm? With Yun as her surname? Qianye Wugu, why don’t you tell me something. Does the current Brahma Monarch God Realm bear the surname Qianye? Or does it bear the surname Yun?”


 Qianye Wugu slowly closed his eyes, but he did not say anything.


 He had not even settled scores with Qianye Ying’er yet for calling him “a lapdog nipping at the heels of the Dragon Monarch”, and now Qianye Wugu was actually ignoring his question!?


 As one of the Dragon Gods, existences below the Dragon Monarch alone, existences who reigned far above the rest of creation, who would dare treat him this way? Even Qianye Fantian would never have dared to treat him in such a cold and rude manner.


 “Qianye Wugu, you preserved your withered life with the Primordial Seal of Life and Death, but have your ears gone deaf already?”


 Not a single one of the Dragon Gods would have been able to tolerate this treatment, much less the Ash Dragon God.


 “Heh heh.” Qianye Wugu let out a dry laugh, but his face remained calm and his eyes remained closed. “Our master is here. If you have any doubts, you can ask our master yourself.”


 He was her paternal grandfather, yet he addressed Qianye Ying’er as “our master”, and this was even after she had abandoned her surname “Qianye” and adopted the surname “Yun”. The Ash Dragon God’s eyebrows pinched together tightly as the expressions of everyone from the Southern Region changed. They were unable to understand what had happened.


 “So you’re saying,” the Ash Dragon God said with a smirk, “that as an ancestor of the Brahma Monarch God Realm, the two of you are willing to become... lapdogs of the devils!?”


 “Ash, your words are far too serious,” Qianye Bingzhu replied. “Our master cares about the future of the Brahma Monarch God Realm, and the blood of the Brahma Monarch God Realm runs through her veins. So is her surname so very important?”


 “If not for our master, Brahma Monarch would have long ago followed in the Moon God Realm’s footsteps. The two of us witnessed everything, and so we are content with the outcome. We are even more eager to personally witness what the Brahma Monarch God Realm’s final destiny will be after this choice.”


 Qianye Bingzhu and Qianye Wugu had both once been the Brahma Monarch God Emperor, so their experience and vision were as vast as the ocean. Also, they had even transcended the limits of life and death and the enlightenment and wisdom they had gained while existing as the “deceased” might have reached a realm which no mortal man could touch.


 Every single one of the words seemed to hide meaning as vast and deep as an entire universe; they were filled with boundless profundity and worldly wisdom.


 Yet these men had actually made such a “choice”?


 Amidst this profound silence, everyone present, from the lowliest Sea Guard to all the exalted god emperors, felt their hearts being greatly shaken by those words.


 “Shut up!” Qianye Ying’er barked out coldly. “Didn’t I just tell you to not waste words on a dead person? Are the two of you really deaf?”


 “...” Qianye Wugu and Qianye Bingzhu immediately clammed up.


 “A dead man?” The Ash Dragon God let out a derisive laugh. “Qianye... Ah, no, Qianying of the Yun clan, you couldn’t possibly be talking about my supreme self, right?”


 “Oh?” Qianye Ying’er raised her head to look at him. She seemed to let out a very soft laugh before she spoke languidly, “You couldn’t possibly be thinking that you will be leaving this place alive today, right?”


 Once she said those words, everyone in the imperial hall but Yun Che’s entourage started to grow excited.


 “Hahaha! HAHAHAHAHAHA!!”


 The Ash Dragon God threw all thoughts of bearing or comportment to the side as he let out an incredibly wild and arrogant laugh. “Good, very good. This has truly been the most amusing joke that I have heard in my entire life... Hahahahaha!”


 The Southern Sea God Emperor immediately started laughing as well. “Hahaha, Ying’er has always liked to crack jokes, so I hope that the Ash Dragon God will not take her seriously. Everyone, please take a seat. I have prepared more than a few festivities to entertain everyone before the ceremony begins. They definitely won’t disappoint.”


 However, the Ash Dragon God acted as if he had not heard the Southern Sea God Emperor’s attempt at mediation. His laughter suddenly stilled as he glared at Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er with cold eyes. “You lot were able to hand the Eastern Divine Region one humiliating loss after the other, and you ended up conquering it in the short span of a single month. This proves that you do have some skill. However, you can’t be thinking that this would give you the qualifications to taunt our Dragon God Realm, right!?”


 “Tsk, tsk.” The Ash Dragon God shook his head, the grin on his face was three parts mocking, seven parts pitying. “I was originally feeling good-hearted enough to show you a way out of this mess but it’s such a pity that the two things that are most incurable in this world are naivete and stupidity.”


 The Southern Sea God Emperor did not say a word. On one side was the Devil Master of the North, on the other was a Dragon God of the West... Given the Southern Region’s position, no one would dare to interrupt either party rashly.


 Furthermore, as the god emperors of the Southern Region, why would they even want to mediate when their desired outcome had been realized so perfectly!?


 The Ash Dragon God’s temperament was explosive and arrogant. However, no one had ever dared or been able to call the strength of the Dragon God Realm and the Western Divine Region into question since their inception... Furthermore, as the ones who stood at the very summit of the universe, their strength was definitely far more incredible than what had already been shown.


 “Heh.” Yun Che chuckled in a deep voice before he spoke in a languid manner. “If anyone dares to behave arrogantly in front of me and even dares to insult me to my face, there are only two options for that person. If he has some use, he can become one of my loyal dogs and live to see another day. If not... only death awaits!”


 “As for you...” When Yun Che raised his head to look at the Ash Dragon God, his eyes were dark and cold. It seemed as if he was looking at a pitiful and lowly person who was about to die, not a Dragon God. “There is only death.”


 Yun Che’s cold and indifferent words caused the already oppressive atmosphere to grow several times more cold and heavy.


 Die... He was going to kill a Dragon God here!?
N0v3lTr0ve served as the original host for this chapter's release on N0v3l--B1n.

 Just because of the Ash Dragon God’s wild and arrogant words? Behavior that was simply all too common for him?


 They did not dare to believe the words he had just said. They simply couldn’t bring themselves to believe those words.


 “With just your power?” The Ash Dragon God suddenly realized that Yun Che did not seem to be joking as he stared into his eyes. But this only made him feel even more contempt and ridicule toward Yun Che.


 His gaze slowly swept over the people assembled behind Yun Che as he spoke in a deep voice, “I admit that I am no match for the old monsters behind you. But if I want to leave, who can stop me? As for the consequences... Heh, surely you wouldn’t truly be stupid enough to take that step, right?”


 If Yun Che truly did attack the Ash Dragon God in the Southern Sea Royal Palace today, he would immediately have offended the entire Dragon God Realm!


 All for a reason that didn’t even seem like a valid one!


 This could no longer even be described as “crazy” or “irrational”.


 Yun Che’s expression didn’t change one iota. He seemed to be unconsciously rapping his finger against the table as he said in a voice as smooth as silk, “When you kill a bird, you still have to worry about it flying away. As for killing dragons? Heh, isn’t that just like killing a dog?”

