

Chapter 911 - Vicious Battle in the Ocean Depths (2)

  

 “Darkness profound energy!?” Xuanyuan Wentian’s expression completely changed. “Why do you possess darkness profound energy!? Why do you possess this sovereign’s power!?”


 “Your power?” Yun Che flashed a disdainful, cold smile. The richness of the dark aura on his body had seemingly surpassed Xuanyuan Wentian’s. “To be blunt, I don’t really like this power too much, nor do I want to be treated by others as a devil like you. But in this place, it no longer matters.”


 The profound veins were the source of profound energy for regular people, while the devil origin orb was the source of profound energy for the ancient devil gods.


 As for Yun Che, he had two sources of profound energy.


 One was the Evil God’s Profound Veins, while the other, was the devil origin orb that originated from the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign and had assimilated into his profound veins!


 Possessing the four Evil God’s Seeds of fire, water, lightning and darkness, he could convert the energy in his profound veins into profound energy of the fire, water, lightning or darkness attribute at will. However, the devil origin orb could only release dark profound energy. As it was a terrifying negative profound energy, the Evil God back then did not allow anyone to know that he possessed this power and Yun Che similarly did not want to either.


 Thus, after ascertaining that he could not defeat Xuanyuan Wentian, he lured Xuanyuan Wentian deep into the ocean and then finally released the power of the devil origin orb without the slightest hesitation. The energy released by the Evil God’s Profound Veins had all converted into darkness profound energy as well. Under the convergence of two masses of dark profound energy, Yun Che instantly turned into a completely awakened devil god as the aura on his body expanded at a peerlessly terrifying speed.


 Clang... Hsss...


 The Eternal Night Devil Sword in Xuanyuan Wentian’s hand suddenly trembled, letting out an obscure metallic sound. After which, an extremely terrible-sounding voice emitted out from the Eternal Night Devil Sword. “This energy... Where did you obtain it from... Impossible... This is impossible.”


 Yun Che did not find the restlessness of the Eternal Night Divine Sword the slightest bit unexpected, because the devil soul within the sword was the son of the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign, so naturally, he would be able to catch the scent of the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign from his dark profound aura. Raising the Heaven Smiting Devil Slayer Sword, the dark aura from his body speedily spread towards the blade of the sword as well and mixed with the crimson red vermillion sword glow that was originally there in the first place, forming an incomparably strange dark crimson mist.


 “There’s no need for me to answer a dead person,” Yun Che’s voice was shady and his face displayed haughtiness that far surpassed his usual. “Though I’m still not too comfortable with this power, it should be enough to kill you, Xuanyuan Wentian.”


 “Hahahahaha!” Xuanyuan Wentian laughed wildly. “Though this sovereign doesn’t know where your dark profound energy came from, compared to the power of this sovereign who has stepped into the divine way, your dark profound energy is but a lowly existence. Wanting to kill this sovereign, is forever a foolish dream!”


 “This time, you no longer have anywhere to run to. Die!!”


 The Eternal Night Devil Sword penetrated through the ocean water, smashing towards Yun Che’s head... What seemed like a simple and plain sword strike, actually carried a might as if a devil god was making its descent.


 Yun Che stepped forward with his right foot, the dark aura around his body intensely surged. The energy coming from his profound veins and the devil origin orb gathered on his two arms, as he smashed his sword towards Xuanyuan Wentian.


 Yun Che, who had previously evaded Xuanyuan Wentian with all his might, had actually chosen to clash head-on this time.


 “You’re courting death!!” Seeing that Yun Che was actually not dodging and was facing him head-on, Xuanyuan Wentian released a ridiculing loud roar. The energy he poured into the Eternal Night Devil Sword once again intensified, as if he was planning to shatter all of Yun Che’s bones with a single sword strike.
Unearth this data, retracing it to the very heart of Nøv€lß¡n★

 The two swords clashed. Even in the ocean depths, a loud, piercing reverberation was still emitted out. The ten millennium old bedrock beneath their feet instantly disintegrated.


 Wanting to expel the ocean water thirty kilometers under the ocean was incomparably difficult, because every drop of ocean water carried a heavy pressure from thirty kilometers of depth. However, the moment their two swords clashed, the three hundred meters of space surrounding Yun Che and Xuanyuan Wentian instantly turned into an incomparably terrifying vacuum zone and this vacuum zone was even maintained for a long while. Within it was filled with a terrifying energy that was enough to destroy mountains as tall as thirty kilometers.


 Their eyes met through the lock between the Eternal Night Devil Sword and Heaven Smiting Devil Slayer Sword. Xuanyuan Wentian’s face was intensely distorted, his eyes were filled with deep astonishment. While Yun Che’s gaze was mild, the corners of his lips curved into a light, arrogant smile.


 “You...” Xuanyuan Wentian’s voice was slightly trembling, fine strips of blood erupted within his eyes, because Yun Che was actually able to hold up against his Eternal Night Devil Sword!


 He held up against his Eternal Night Devil Sword head-on and without any fancy tricks!


 When the Eternal Night Devil Sword was in hand, what the devil blood and devil soul released, was power of the Divine Profound Realm! It was the one and only absolute power in the history of the Profound Sky Continent that was enough to view all the profound practitioners of the Profound Sky Continent as ants!


 It was actually... blocked by Yun Che!


 Yun Che loudly roared, as flames ignited within the dark light surrounding his body. The Heaven Smiting Devil Slayer Sword fiercely pushed forward and with a loud boom, a second wave of energy erupted from the Heaven Smiting Devil Slayer Sword. The two of them were instantly sent flying far away.


 Whooosh!!


 The ocean water that was expelled quickly poured back in, however, the surrounding dozens of kilometers of the deep ocean were in unrest for a long while.


 Xuanyuan Wentian, who was blown away, felt a numbing sensation in his arms. He looked at his own hands in utter disbelief and with even more disbelieving eyes, he looked towards Yun Che who was immersed in black light on the opposite side... When his power was suppressed by Yun Che before he wielded the Eternal Night Devil Sword, it had merely astonished him.


 However, with the devil sword now in hand and his body now circulating with power of the divine way... How could his attack possibly be fended off by a mere mortal at the Sovereign Profound Realm?


 “Impossible... Earlier, you must have... you must have used some sort of trick!!”


 Xuanyuan Wentian roared out in agitation and as if it had exploded, the black aura surrounding his body wildly surged. Then, he once again pounced towards Yun Che.


 “This sovereign wants to see how you’re going to take on this blow!!”


 BOOM BOOM BOOM...


 Before the Eternal Night Devil Sword had even made contact, the surrounding ocean water was already in chaos, as if it was boiling water. The terrifying water pressure did not seem to exist when it came to the two of them for a distance of three hundred meters in the ocean was instantly closed. The Eternal Night Devil Sword and Heaven Smiting Devil Slayer Sword once again clashed ruthlessly against each other.


 The clashing sound this time was extremely sullen and the ocean began to shake incomparably violently. Intense ripples wildly shot out towards the surrounding ocean water, all the way towards the ocean surface thirty kilometers above. However, they did not stop there and had even shot through the waters, carrying waves of thirty kilometers in length.


 Even though the surrounding world had sunk into a crisis that had never occurred before, even in ancient times, at the center of the crisis, the Eternal Night Devil Sword and Heaven Smiting Devil Slayer Sword were as if they were glued to each other. Xuanyuan Wentian was not blown away and similarly, Yun Che was not blown away either.


 This sword strike, a sword strike which Xuanyuan Wentian did not leave even the slightest of reserves behind due to his frenzy, was still completely received by Yun Che head-on.


 “Guaaah...” Xuanyuan Wentian’s eyes were astonished to the verge of exploding apart. To Xuanyuan Wentian, this was definitely not as simple as receiving his full powered blow but the power of the divine way he had chased after for an entire lifetime... No, it was the faith he had finally managed to obtain after experiencing countless pains and pursuing it for an entire lifetime that was seemingly about to collapse.


 “It seems like this is your full power,” Yun Che’s eyes half-narrowed and he sullenly sneered. “You schemed for a thousand years, killed so many people and have even forsaken your own flesh and blood to obtain your present power. While I... have only used less than eight years!”


 Yun Che’s words were a simple declaration of a truth, without even the slightest of offensive remarks. However, when they resounded in Xuanyuan Wentian’s ears, it was as if he had heard the most heartless and disdainful and most malicious curse in the world.


 “AHH!!!” Xuanyuan Wentian loudly roared as if he was venting out, to the point where his throat had instantly turned hoarse. “Yun Che, no one in this world is worthy of looking down on this sovereign! How can this sovereign’s strength possibly be compared to by a little bastard like you who has yet to grow out a single hair!?”


 “You have but received two of this sovereign’s blows... Let me see just how many of this sovereign’s blows can you receive!!”


 This time, Xuanyuan Wentian’s degree of irritation had far surpassed any single moment previously. He was like a dark ferocious beast which had been completely enraged as he charged towards Yun Che with a hoarse, wild roar. The Eternal Night Devil Sword smashed down with all of his might and fury.


 Clang!!


 Boom!!


 Shaa—


 The Eternal Night Devil Sword clashed intensely with the Heaven Smiting Devil Slayer Sword. Within the ocean depths, it was as if an ancient divine bell was vibrating from being struck, as their positions in the ocean depths constantly changed. As they moved horizontally, the ocean water was either overbearingly expelled or annihilated into nothingness. The bedrock beneath their feet had even caved, shattered and disappeared layer by layer.


 Incomparably rich black light wound about their bodies and within the ocean depths where the sun and moon could never be seen, it was as if two ten thousand year old ferocious beasts tearing each other apart had suddenly appeared.


 Boom!!


 The blue ocean exploded and the two of them were sent flying back several hundreds of meters away at the same time. Xuanyuan Wentian’s head heavily struck onto the bedrock and several meters of it instantly shattered apart. The Eternal Night Devil Sword had also plowed out a gully of several dozen meters in length in the ocean floor.


 This time, Xuanyuan Wentian did not immediately charge towards Yun Che again. The hand he was grasping the Eternal Night Devil Sword with was trembling... Because after several hundred clashes, his two arms had seemingly been completely numbed. The gaps between his fingers were all drenched in black blood, yet he did not seem to feel the slightest bit of pain.


 Compared to his numbed arms, what was even more terrifying was the energy that was surging in his entire body which was close to bursting out of his body.


 Every single sword strike Xuanyuan Wentian threw out, was imbued with the power of the divine way, while Yun Che’s Heaven Smiting Devil Slayer Sword was already one million kilograms in weight alone. In every single clash of the two swords, the might they carried was as if a meteorite had fallen and the immense rebounds had all gone to their bodies.


 Even with Xuanyuan Wentian’s prided devil physique, he still found it hard to endure after several hundred intense clashes. He could feel that his own organs were about to be torn and the bones in his entire body were at the verge of falling apart.


 However, at this moment, Yun Che let out an explosive roar. The Heaven Smiting Devil Slayer Sword, shrouded with a dark aura, smashed towards him, carrying a terrifying might that did not seem to have weakened.


 The two of them had been enduring the exact same rebounds the entire time and he was beginning to feel that his devil physique could not last much longer. Yun Che, however, actually looked completely unharmed and had instead grown even fiercer.


 “You...” This time, other than the astonishment in Xuanyuan Wentian’s eyes, there was finally a hint of fear within them. He fiercely gnashed his teeth, as he raised the Eternal Night Devil Sword horizontally to forcefully block it.


 Boom!!!


 That short breather earlier had weakened Xuanyuan Wentian’s momentum and the energy of this one sword strike was far weaker than the previous ones. With a booming noise, the blood vessels in his arms erupted and blood scattered into the water. As he screamed out, his body which was leaning against the bedrock was sent flying away. Yun Che had merely stepped backward for a moment and had then suddenly caught up to Xuanyuan Wentian when he smashed down his sword.


 “Un... unforgivable!”


 “Lightless... Eternal... Night!!”


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s pupils intensely shrank and then they intensely widened with fear. He stopped his body and fiercely puked out a large mouthful of black blood as a black light that was even denser in black aura by several times suddenly exploded. It instantly swallowed the surrounding space of several tens of meters, completely engulfing Yun Che within.


 This was the dark domain that originated from the Illusory Tome of Eternal Night and it was also the most extreme dark power which Xuanyuan Wentian could release. The dark energy that had reached the stage of the divine way was sufficient enough to engulf everything within the domain into endless darkness and emptiness.


 Facing this peerlessly terrifying dark domain, there was not the slightest of bit of anxiety and heaviness on Yun Che’s face. Rather, he flashed a light, disdainful smile. Then, he completely ignored the extreme darkness that was engulfing towards him and had suddenly moved forward, with a speed that was even slightly faster than before. Under Xuanyuan Wentian’s utterly disbelieving eyes, a sword stabbed into his chest and the tip of the sword penetrated out of his back.


 “UWAAHHH!”


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s body stiffened. His eyes widened as he let out a painful and hoarse scream. The Lightless Eternal Night Domain that was just established earlier quickly dispersed like a punctured soap bubble. In front of him, Yun Che was grasping onto the enormous vermillion sword that had stabbed into his body with a heart-palpitating ghastly smile.


 Bang!!!


 Xuanyuan Wentian suddenly smashed his palm onto Yun Che’s chest, pushing Yun Che and the Heaven Smiting Devil Slayer Sword far into the distance. Xuanyuan Wentian held onto his chest where a hole had been punched all the way through and stepped back in a staggering manner. The pain running through his entire body felt as though he had fallen into hell itself.


 “Cough... cough cough... Haha, hahahaha! Xuanyuan Wentian, isn’t it really refreshing!?” Yun Che consecutively puked out several mouthfuls of bad blood. He looked at Xuanyuan Wentian’s miserable state and laughed out loud in a wilful manner.


 “This sovereign... shall kill you!”


 “Kill you!!!!”


 All of Xuanyuan Wentian’s viciousness was completely stimulated as he released the hand that was pressing on his chest. Allowing the black blood to rapidly flow, his hands grasped onto the Eternal Night Devil Sword as he crazily smashed it towards Yun Che.


 BOOM BOOM!!!


 A crack several dozens of kilometers in length tore through the ocean depths and under this sword strike, Yun Che was ruthlessly smashed flying, smashing through seven or eight boulders in the ocean. However, he instantly leapt back up the moment he landed on the ground and like a ferocious beast which did not know of pain or fear, he made a counterattack against Xuanyuan Wentian.


 The two of them swept up terrifying dark tornadoes that continuously grew in intensity and their blood swirled within the tornadoes, suffusing and raging within the ocean region.

