

Chapter 1432 - The Terrifying Truth

 Chapter 1432 - The Terrifying Truth


 “How could the events that happened in the previous era drag on until this day? What exactly is going on with the crimson crack?” Yun Che asked with sunken brows.


 The Ice Phoenix girl replied, “In the latter stages of the terrible war between the gods and devils, due to the fact that they were losing ground step by step, the devil god race lost their minds and brought out the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations. The Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations, which had been sealed away for a very long time, seized control of the Eternal Night Devil Sovereign due to its boundless rage and resentment. It then used the Sky Poison Pearl as a medium to release the poison known as the ‘Myriad Tribulations’, which ultimately brought about the destruction of the god and devil races, making it so that there were no longer any True Gods or True Devils in the Primal Chaos Realm.”


 “However, there was a group of devils who managed to escape this apocalyptic calamity... and those were the members of the Heaven Smiting Devil Clan that had been banished outside the Primal Chaos along with Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor!”


 Yun Che, “...!?”


 “As a result, they survived... they have even managed to survive until this very day, and they have always wanted to return to the Primal Chaos Realm!”


 These soft and gentle words that the Ice Phoenix girl had just spoken exploded in Yun Che’s ear like thousands of thunderclaps. Yun Che was rendered completely and utterly stunned by what he had just heard. After that, he shook his head as quick as lightning as he said, “That’s... That’s not right! Even though my knowledge is shallow, I also know that the world outside of the Primal Chaos is a world of death and destruction. The moment someone is flung outside the Primal Chaos, the only outcome is for them to dissolve into nothingness. So how could they still be alive?”


 “Could it be that... the rumours were wrong?”


 “No,” the Ice Phoenix girl said in a slow and measured voice, “The place outside the Primal Chaos is indeed a world of destruction. Even beings as strong as the Creation Gods or Devil Emperors would also die before too long if they were blasted outside of the Primal Chaos. As a result, to the knowledge of the gods and devils who existed back then, the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor and the devil gods who had been banished outside the Primal Chaos all died a long time ago.”


 “Then how did it...” Yun Che said with a bewildered look on his face.


 “However, in this universe, there indeed exists a treasure that can allow someone to survive outside of the Primal Chaos for a long period of time. The treasure I am talking about is the treasure that was ranked sixth amongst the Seven Great Heavenly Profound Treasures—the【World Piercer】!”


 “The World Piercer possessed the strongest, highest level and extreme form of spatial power. It could easily open up dimensional spaces and travel through dimensions. It was so powerful that it could simply create a dimensional space from ‘nothing’, without having to use any sort of medium.”


 Yun Che had long ago heard the name of the World Piercer. However, he had only heard of its name; he had not heard any news of its whereabouts or any rumors regarding it. He only knew that the most powerful spatial item in the current universe—the Void Illusion Stone, was an object that contained an extremely small amount of the World Piercer’s power.


 So Yun Che definitely would not be able to imagine or understand just how strong the spatial power the World Piercer itself possessed, especially its ability to create space from ‘nothing’. If the people of today were to hear of that power, they would think it was the most fantastical and mystical power they had ever heard of.


 “The World Piercer can create space from ‘nothing’, so it should be possible for it to open an independent space swiftly between the gaps of the void! As long as that space is maintained, then not even the destructive power beyond Primal Chaos will be able to harm those on the inside... The problem is, no one knew that the World Piercer was with the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor!”


 “It was a secret even after the Heaven Punishing God Emperor had passed away, and both gods and devils had become extinct.”


 The climaxes kept coming one after another. Yun Che frowned deeply as he asked in a low tone, “The Heavenly Profound Treasures whereabouts... should be one of the gods’ greatest concerns, shouldn’t they? How could no one know that the World Piercer is with the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor?”


 “It’s because the World Piercer already belonged to someone since a long time ago, a certain someone who’s famous throughout Primal Chaos... can you guess who the original owner of the World Piercer was, Yun Che?” asked the Ice Phoenix girl.


 “...” Yun Che shook his head in response.


 “Four out of seven of the Heavenly Profound Treasures were in the God Race’s possession back during the Era of Gods, and each one of the four Creation Gods possessed one Heavenly Profound Treasure. The leader of the Creation Gods, Lord Mo E possessed the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword; the Creation God of Order, Lord Xi Ke possessed the Eternal Heaven Pearl; the Creation Goddess of Life, Lord Li Suo possessed the Primordial Seal of Life and Death, and finally the Creation God of the Elements... who was later known as the Evil God possessed the World Piercer!”


 “You’re saying that... the Evil God... had gifted the World Piercer to the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor?” Yun Che muttered in disbelief as he did his best to digest the terrifying information he had just gotten...


 This information and the possibility that was on the verge of being revealed along with it was truly scary beyond belief.


 “That’s right. At the time, he was still known as the Creation God of the Elements, not the Evil God. Now that you know that he had fallen in love and even married the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor, it no longer seems like a surprise to hear that he would gift the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor the World Piercer, does it? He clearly loved the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor deeply, and the World Piercer is the greatest talisman in the entire world thanks to its pinnacle level spatial divine power. That is why he had decided to give it to her as a gift. Perhaps it was a token of love or perhaps it was even a token of their marriage. Or perhaps it had just been given to her purely for the sake of allowing her to protect herself from any sort of danger.”
The link to the origin of this information resides within Nøv€lß¡n★

 Yun Che, “...”


 “Furthermore, besides the Evil God and the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor, nobody else had been aware of this matter. Even the Creation Gods of the god race or the Devil Emperors of the devil race, none of them were aware of this and none of them could even have imagined that this sort of thing would happen... In fact, until the end of the Era of Gods, no one had been aware of this.”


 “Then... Then how... did you find out about this?” Yun Che blurted out without thinking.


 “Because... the aura that is spreading out from that crack in the Wall of Primal Chaos belongs to the World Piercer and it is growing stronger and clearer with each passing day.”


 “The Wall of Primal Chaos is something that even the Creation Gods are unable to blast open. However, there are three things that can smash aside the Wall of Primal Chaos. The first two are the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword and the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations. The reason they can break open the Wall of Primal Chao is because their power is of a very high order. The last thing that can break open the Wall of Primal Chaos is the World Piercer itself! Even though the World Piercer does not possess any destructive power, at its core, the Wall of Primal Chaos is basically an extremely strong spatial barrier. Given the ultimate spatial power possessed by the World Piercer, it can definitely interfere the Wall of Primal Chaos!”


 “The original divine light given off by the World Piercer was also crimson in color!”


 “...” Yun Che was stunned silly, and it was as if he had been turned to stone.


 The words that the Ice Phoenix girl had said were undoubtedly telling him that the crack in the Wall of Primal Chaos and that crimson light both originated from the World Piercer!


 The World Piercer was not in the Primal Chaos but outside of it and the only possible explanation was that it had been banished together with the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor all those years ago. Thus, the person who was controlling the World Piercer, the one who desired to break open the Wall of Primal Chaos... could only be the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor who had been banished all those years ago!


 Before he had entered the Heavenly Netherfrost Lake, he had already been prepared to hear any sort of truth, no matter how horrifying. However, he would never have imagined that it was actually this horrific...


 The Ice Phoenix girl continued recounting her tale in a slow and measured voice, “Back then, after the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor and a bunch of devil gods had been banished outside the Primal Chaos, the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor must have immediately activated the power of the World Piercer. The World Piercer would not be able to pierce through the Wall of Primal Chaos, but it could open an independent space in the area outside the Primal Chaos. From that moment on, she and those devil gods continued to live on in that independent space established outside the Primal Chaos.”


 “While they lived outside the Primal Chaos, the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor and her kinsmen were definitely doing their utmost to return to the Primal Chaos Realm and after a few million years, they finally came into contact with the Wall of Primal Chaos once more... Or perhaps, they managed to open up some strange connection between the independent space that they lived in and the Wall of Primal Chaos. Or perhaps they managed to successfully graft their independent space onto the side of the Wall of Primal Chaos that faced outwards. After that, they once again used the power of World Piercer to devour the spatial power within the Wall of Primal Chaos, gradually tearing open a crack that is growing bigger and bigger!”


 “And once this crack had grown large enough, a gap will once again appear in the Wall of Primal Chaos... and then once the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor and her devil gods make their return to the Primal Chaos! However, what they will not have known is that all of the other gods and devils have already been completely wiped out a million years ago, and the current Primal Chaos is a world without gods and devils. Back then, they had been banished by the Heaven Punishing Divine Emperor but it was also due to this freak incident that they managed to escape the ultimate destruction that befell their race.”


 Yun Che remained motionless for a very long time. He did not say a single word... because there was nothing he could say in the first place.


 Everything the Ice Phoenix girl had said had been guesses, but it was as if there was a voice telling him from the depths of his soul that all of this was true... all of this was really happening!


 The crimson light coming from the Wall of Primal Chaos had come from the spatial power of the World Piercer.


 And what lay behind that crack in the Primal Chaos were actually devils from the Ancient Era, devils who should have died out long ago!


 What did the re-emergence of a True God or a True Devil in this current world mean?


 The power of the gods had stopped existing in this universe a long time ago and the universe had long ago “atrophied” to the point where it could no longer endure that sort of power. It had also reached the point where it was no longer able to produce any power on the level of the gods, so if such a power were to suddenly reappear, then the entire Primal Chaos would be at the mercy of that power. No living being or power could resist such a power and as long as the wielder of that power so desired, they could enslave all living beings or wipe them all out, and no one would be able to resist them.


 What was even more terrifying than this was that there would be more than one of those devils out there.


 What was even more terrifying than that was that... the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor herself was no ordinary devil. Rather, she was a Devil Emperor who was at the same level as the Creation Gods!


 Even if the other devil gods had died long ago outside of the Primal Chaos and only the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor herself was left, if she returned to the present world... Even if there were ten or a hundred of the current God Realm, there was no way for them to put up a fight, much less the Eastern Divine Region itself!


 What Divine King, Divine Sovereign, or Divine Master... In front of powers that stood at the same level of True Gods and Creation Gods, all of them were nothing but ants!


 “So now, do you understand?” the Ice Phoenix girl said in a gloomy voice.


 “Whew...” Yun Che deeply exhaled before he spoke in a low voice, “I really wish I didn’t understand.”


 Devil Emperor... Yun Che felt a chill run up and down his entire body just from seeing those two words flash in his head. She was such a terrifying existence that Yun Che could not even imagine truly trying to resist her, much less putting up a fight against her.


 Upon thinking of the root of it all, Yun Che silently gritted his teeth... Right now, he really wanted to jab a finger at the nose of the head of the four great Creation Gods Mo E and cuss him out:


 What the hell is wrong with you!? What the hell does the Evil God and the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor developing a relationship have to do with you!? It’s not like he stole your wife! What dignity of the god race, what expunging all shame, all of that is dogshit! You really had way too much energy and time, that’s why you did such a stupid thing... and you’ve also left behind such a huge disaster for us, the present generation!


 The damn Evil God as well! Just how much charm did that Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor have for you to actually give the World Piercer to her! If not, she would have long ago been reduced to nothingness outside of the Primal Chaos... and all of these damned things wouldn’t have happened!


 “It is unknown whether those devil gods are still alive but the activity of the World Piercer proves that at least the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor herself is still alive,” the Ice Phoenix girl continued to speak of that incomparably terrifying truth. “The power of a Devil Emperor definitely isn’t something this current world can resist. Back then, she had been ensnared by Lord Mo E’s trap and she has been struggling for survival outside of the Primal Chaos for millions of years. When she returns, she will definitely be overflowing with hatred and upon hearing of the death of Lord Mo E and the destruction of the gods. It is very likely she will vent the hatred and resentment she has accumulated over millions of years on the current world... and the consequences of that are impossible to predict.”


 Now that he had heard all of this, Yun Che was already beginning to understand something. He looked straight at that girl’s flawless jade body as he said, “You said that I was the ‘only hope’. When you said that, did you mean that you wanted me, the person who had inherited the power of the Evil God... to go and dissuade... the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor?”


 “That’s right.” The Ice Phoenix girl said, “The aura of the World Piercer is growing clearer and clearer and there will be a day when the Wall of Primal Chaos splits open. At that time, the only thing that can stop the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor will not be power. Rather, it will be that one word, ‘feelings’.”


 “The Evil God had always been well aware of the fact that the World Piercer was in the possession of the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor. After the Evil Infant destroyed the universe, he used up all of his remaining existence to leave behind a drop of indestructible blood.... All because he had anticipated that this day would one day come.”


 Yun Che’s lips parted slightly, “...”


 “So what you have inherited is not only the power of the Evil God, you have also inherited the will of the Evil God.”


 “Only you, the person who has inherited the power and the will of the Evil God, can remind the newly returned Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor of the feelings she shared with the Evil God and prevent this disastrous calamity from descending upon us.”

