

Chapter 1552 - Qianye Qianying (2)

 In the vast Northern Divine Region, Yun Che did not know a single person. Today, he had finally taken the first step... and auras familiar to him should not exist in this world.


 Furthermore, the owner of this aura definitely should not have appeared in this place.
The initial posting of this chapter occurred via N0v3l.B11n.

 But...


 After he appeared, that aura seemed to notice it too. As the ground and the space around them violently shuddered, nearly half of the royal city split down the middle in a single instant. Every obstacle that lay between the two people, no matter whether it was living or inanimate, was obliterated. A black figure descended from the sky, landing right in the middle of the royal city


 Landed right in front of Yun Che.


 It was a woman.


 She was dressed in black robes that concealed the sect she was from and she was covered in wounds and dust, but they were unable to hide her astounding beauty. Her hair glowed with a luxurious golden sheen but it was far dimmer than what it had been in Yun Che’s memory.


 She wore a black half-mask on her face... Covering up her features was something that had long ago become a habit for her. Because her face was simply far too exquisite and perfect, it was so beautiful that it could overturn the heavens and bring ruin to the world... This was the greatest blessing that the heavens had given to her, and it was also her greatest curse.


 Even though the upper half of her face was covered, that jaw and those lips, which seemed to be carved from pearl and jade, were still so beautiful that they were nearly ethereal.


 This was someone that Yun Che knew... Someone whom he thought would never appear in this place.


 Qianye Ying’er!


 Yun Che stared at her while she stared back at Yun Che... There was a big ruckus around them as countless palace guards and profound practitioners swarmed the area. The Eastern Frost Monarch had brought along a squad of Eastern Frost Guards as he rushed over and it was as if the entire royal city was facing off against a great foe. But the two people still remained completely motionless, it was as if they had been struck by a spell.


 Yun Che and Qianye. One of them had previously planted the Brahma Soul Death-Wishing Mark on the other, leaving him in a state where he could neither live nor die. One of them had previously planted the cruel slave imprint on the other, causing her to lose all of her dignity and it became a mark of shame that would haunt her forever.


 They hated each other to the core and they could barely hold back their desire to personally crush the other’s bones and reduce them to ash.


 He had once been known as the feted and praised God Child Messiah and she had once been the Brahma Monarch Goddess who had stood at the top of the world. However, it was precisely these two people who suffered the most cruel of betrayals before being forced to the dark land that was the Northern Divine Region.


 Even though the Northern Divine Region was far smaller than the other divine regions, it was still a divine region that contained thousands of star realms. It was still a vast and boundless space.


 But in this vast Northern Divine Region, they still ended up meeting. It seemed to be fate, but at the same time, it also seemed like the heavens were playing them for fools.


 Bang!


 Yun Che’s hands balled into fists as black profound light shone from every part of his body before it was swiftly dyed in a layer of bloody light, a bloody light that was growing denser with each passing second.


 The profound energy that suddenly erupted from his body fiercely blasted aside Dongfang Hanwei, who was beside him, and the city guards, who had rushed over.


 Qianye Ying’er had strength comparable to that of a god emperor. So even if Yun Che raised his strength to its limits, there was still no way he would be able to threaten her or affect her actions. However, as the currents of energy exploded outwards, he actually observed Qianye Ying’er’s body visibly swaying.


 She was looking at Yun Che, she had been quietly looking at him all along. Finally, she slowly extended a hand but no profound energy was released from it. Instead, what appeared in the palm of her hand... was a slowly-condensing soul crystal.


 Yun Che, “...”


 The soul crystal formed in her hand ever so slowly and the moment it fully formed, Qianye Ying’er’s body swayed yet again as her beautiful eyes feebly closed and she slowly sank to the ground... She fainted just like that, and she did not make a sound after.


 Behind her was the royal city she had destroyed, with countless corpses buried beneath the rubble.


 The Eastern Frost Monarch had arrived. Upon seeing the fearsome intruder suddenly collapse to the ground, he breathed a sigh of relief in his heart and roared, “Capture her!”


 After the Eastern Frost Monarch had barked out his command, a group of Eastern Frost Guards swiftly advanced... However, after they had taken a few steps, all of them froze in place. A look of deep shock and fear appeared on their faces and they did not dare to advance any further.


 How could people like them endure the aura that Yun Che had projected using all of his strength.


 Dongfang Hanwei kept looking at Yun Che’s face. Her voice low as she asked him, “Senior Yun, could this person be... someone that you know?”


 Yun Che did not respond. He slowly started to walk towards Qianye Ying’er, but the profound energy he was projecting from his body had not weakened in the slightest.


 It was only when he was just several steps away from her that his eyebrows fiercely twitched.


 The unconscious Qianye Ying’er’s aura was actually incomparably weak... It was so weak that even someone like Yun Che could clearly sense it.


 In what sort of situation would a mighty profound practitioner suddenly faint dead away? Perhaps it could be a situation where their body or their soul had sustained injuries, so serious that they could barely endure, or perhaps it could be a situation where their minds suddenly relaxed after they had been in a deadly and desperate situation for a long period of time.


 Qianye Ying’er definitely numbered amongst the people who hated him the most in this universe... But she had actually appeared in the Northern Divine Region, she had actually suddenly fainted in front of him.


 He tapped his finger in the air and the soul crystal that Qianye Ying’er had formed before she fainted fell into his hands. After that, her memories flooded into his mind.


 The profound energy around his body faded away as Yun Che picked up Qianye Ying’er. After that, his body blurred and he had already carried her into the cultivation room, the door and the barrier closing at the same time.


 Everyone glanced at each other after that, but no one dared to pursue the matter any further.


 ————


 Qianye Ying’er was out cold for a very long time and even the world of her unconscious mind was gray and gloomy.


 Her eyelashes fluttered and after a brief moment of stillness, her beautiful eyes sprang open and she shot to her feet. Her eyes instantly locked onto the incomparably dark and gloomy eyes of Yun Che.


 Qianye Ying’er’s body froze and the profound energy that had just surged up within her body slowly sank back down again... She had previously been a slave at Yun Che’s side so she was familiar with his aura and the usual look in his eyes. But at this moment, the aura and the gaze of the man in front of her had completely and utterly changed. He was clearly so very familiar to her, yet at the same time, he now also felt exceptionally foreign and strange.


 Her chest slowly started to rise and fall as she faced Yun Che... She started to slowly sink to her knees as she knelt in front of him.


 “Help me... take revenge.” Her voice was very soft, but the hatred contained within it was enough to cause the air around her to solidify.


 It was not that she had never knelt in front of Yun Che before. But that was only during the period when the slave imprint was inflicted on her.


 But right now, the Goddess, a person who had the most exalted status in the world, the most proud and haughty person in the universe, was actually kneeling in front of Yun Che of her own accord.


 “Help you take revenge?” The corner of Yun Che’s mouth twitched and it was as if he was caught between sneering at her or finding the entire situation completely absurd. “You want me to help you to kill Qianye Fantian?”


 “You’ll definitely be able to accomplish it.” Qianye’s entire body shuddered. “In this world, only you... will be able to accomplish such a feat...”


 After she had been sent away from the Brahma Monarch God Realm by Gu Zhu that day, she had started to flee with all of her might. Her Brahma Monarch divine power had been scattered and Qianye Fantian had destroyed her profound veins, so she had completely lost the ability to conceal herself. Given the strength of the Brahma Monarch God Realm, she would be found one day, no matter where she fled to.


 Only the Northern Divine Region was left to her!


 Qianye Ying’er absolutely was not someone who easily resigned herself to fate. She had entered the Northern Divine Region with no hesitation... and she had actually entered it before Yun Che.


 However, she was not Yun Che and she did not possess the power to control darkness profound energy. So in this dark place, her life and her profound strength were being devoured by the aura of darkness that permeated the Northern Divine Region every second. But in order to throw off her pursuers, she had no choice but to desperately delve deeper... However, the erosion of her life and profound strength grew faster and more cruel the deeper she went.


 In addition to this, her profound veins had already been severely wounded by Qianye Fantian, so she was in a state where her profound energy would keep dissipating. Her time in the Northern Divine Region, every day, every single moment, had been a nightmare.


 The only thing that kept her going was the hatred that filled her heart and soul... and also the only hope she would ever have to fulfill her vengeance.


 Yun Che!


 As her profound veins had been destroyed, there was no way she could take revenge using her own power. However, in this world, the person with the most reason to kill Qianye Fantian besides her, and who possessed the greatest possibility of doing so in the future was Yun Che!


 She knew very well what it meant to be filled with overflowing hatred... Perhaps, she was the person who knew better than anyone in this universe what sort of ruthless hatred would be birthed in the heart of Yun Che after he had been betrayed by the world and had lost everything, as well as the demons that would in his heart after that.


 If he could escape the pursuit of the three divine regions, then the place he had most likely fled to was the Northern Divine Region.


 He had inherited the Evil God divine power, so the limits he could reach would definitely surpass everyone else in the universe... and this was the real reason why he had been rejected by the world. But since he possessed darkness profound energy, he could also grow in the Northern Divine Region. Given enough time, he would definitely obtain the ability to kill Qianye Fantian in the future!


 The person who had trampled all over her dignity, someone whom she dearly wished to completely and utterly destroy, would actually become the last hope she could cling to... How sad and ironic was this?


 She had originally thought that trying to find Yun Che in the vast Northern Divine Region would be like trying to find a needle in a haystack and it was very possible that her body would not be able to endure until she found him.


 However, less than a day ago, she had actually heard the name “Yun Che” in this dark land known as the East Ruins Realm.


 “Heh.” Yun Che gave a cold laugh. “How absurd. You number amongst the people I want to kill the most in this world. But you’re actually begging me to help you? Give me a reason!”


 Qianye Ying’er’s soul crystal had clearly recorded everything that had happened to her. She had abandoned all of her pride and dignity to rescue Qianye Fantian, yet she had been abandoned by Qianye Fantian for precisely that reason... What was even more cruel was that she found out that her father, the person she had always treated with the utmost reverence and respect, was actually the real culprit behind her mother’s death and yet she had spent her entire life as one of his chess pieces!


 Betrayal, it had all been a betrayal... To think that the grand Brahma Monarch Goddess would actually have a day like this. How sad and absurd was that!


 “I was the one who... saved you when we were in front of the Wall of Primal Chaos,” Qianye Ying’er said. “If not for the fact that I used the Void Illusion Stone to send you away, you would have already died under Xia Qingyue’s blade.”


 “This reason isn’t enough for me!” Yun Che coldly replied.


 Qianye Ying’er slowly closed her eyes as she said in a dull and gloomy voice, “Please... grant me your slave imprint once more. I am willing to be your slave... forever!”


 She had lost her Brahma Soul, so the slave imprint that would be planted in her would be an eternal slave imprint... something that could never be removed!


 And this was even a slave imprint... that she had begged to be bestowed upon her.


 As Yun Che looked at her, he suddenly started to laugh. His laughter was incredibly cold and wanton. “Hahahaha.... To think that the Qianye Ying’er who once looked down on everything would actually be reduced to begging someone to take her as a slave... How delightful, how absurd... Hahaha... Hahahahahaha!”


 “...” Qianye Ying’er’s lips and the joints of her fingers were incomparably white, but her eyes stared straight at Yun Che and she did not look away even once.


 “However, it’s too bad...” Yun Che shook his head, every word filled with ridicule. “You are no longer the Brahma Monarch Goddess who could reign imperiously over the world. You are only a defeated dog whose legs have been broken by your own father! You have lost all of your profound arts, your profound strength is half-crippled. In fact, your current cultivation has dropped to the initial stages of the Divine Sovereign Realm, so I’m afraid you wouldn’t even be able to kill me. What use do you have to me as a slave?”


 “My body.” Qianye Ying’er raised an arm and slowly removed the pitch-black mask from her face, completely revealing the celestial countenance that had once caused Yun Che to lose his soul in a single glance.


 In that instant, all of the light in the area dimmed.


 “Everyone in the universe is aware of the titles ‘Dragon Queen and Goddess’.” Those beautiful eyes, which could cause the heavens and the earth, the stars, and all the flowers in the universe to lose their color, stared straight into Yun Che’s own. Every word that spilled from her beautiful lips was as sad, dreamy, and beautiful as fine, mist-like rain. “As a man, have you never dreamed of... making the ‘Goddess’ that all the men in the world are infatuated with into a toy that belongs only to you, a toy that you can play with however you like?"

