

Chapter 276 - Demon (1)

  

 Everyone used an incredibly amazed expression to look at Yun Che. Each and every one of them truly found it difficult to believe that someone would freely give away an item that was hard to come by even in a millennia, to someone else. If he did that under the state in which he clearly knew that it was the Emperor Awakening Heart Lotus, then this boldness, and this sort of sensibility could both be said to be larger than the heavens.


 Chu Yueli lightly nodded towards Yun Che: "Yun Che, this favor of yours, our Frozen Cloud Asgard will remember it. From today onwards, you are our Frozen Cloud Asgard’s most important friend! If you need anything, do not hesitate to ask our Frozen Cloud Asgard."


 “This idiot... just for the purpose of gaining a beauty’s favor, he actually gave away the legendary Emperor Awakening Heart Lotus!! The Emperor Awakening Heart Lotus!!” Xiao Kuangyu murmured while gritting his teeth. Even though he said that, he was extremely clear in his heart that the seventeen year old Yun Che, who was able to obtain first place in the ranking tournament, was not an idiot no matter what!


 What they saw were only two people lucky enough to find the Emperor Awakening Heart Lotus, and simply did not know of the fatal calamity that had befallen them when they found it.


 What Chu Yueli had said was not out of anyone’s expectations. If Yun Che had willingly given the Emperor Awakening Heart Lotus to them, no matter which sect it was, they would all be willing to treat him like an ancestor. This kind of favor was truly too great. Not only did he save Frozen Cloud Asgard’s most outstanding disciple since their founding, he had also allowed Frozen Cloud Asgard’s level to greatly increase.


 Yun Che originally did not care about some Frozen Cloud Asgard’s favor, but once Chu Yueli had said those words, his heart moved as he asked: “Chu fairy is too courteous. With the friendship between me and Qingyue, this isn’t really that much... But, erm, can I really ask for anything?”


 When he said those words, his gaze shifted towards Chu Yuechan. Sensing his gaze on her, Chu Yuechan’s looked to the side with a face full of coldness.


 Chu Yueli’s eyelashes softly fluttered, and she simply answered with elegance: “This great kindness that you have given our Frozen Cloud Asgard is too difficult for us to repay. If you have any requests, as long as we can accomplish them, as long as they don’t violate our Frozen Cloud Asgard’s principles, we would certainly not refuse.”


 “Okay!” Yun Che nodded. That being the case, he no longer had to be modest with Frozen Cloud Asgard: “I hope that the noble Asgard would remember today’s words. If this junior requires any help from the noble Asgard in the future, then this junior would definitely not hold back.”


 "Our Frozen Cloud Asgard would never go back on its word. It is only right for us to do this because of the great kindness you have bestowed upon Qingyue." After finished speaking, Chu Yueli shifted her gaze towards the extremely ugly sight of Fen Moli. At this time, her eyes became as cold as ice crystals: "Fen Moli! My Frozen Cloud Asgard and your Burning Heaven Clan have no grudges nor grievances, yet you, with your status as your clan’s Great Elder, had the nerve to actually dare attack our disciple with a deadly strike! If Qingyue did not have such heavenly luck, then she would’ve died by your hands! Do you, Burning Heaven Clan, wish to become mortal enemies with our Frozen Cloud Asgard?"


 In Fen Moli’s previous explosive rage inducing strike, he used around seventy percent of his strength. As for Xia Qingyue’s counterattack, she used at least ninety percent of her strength. In that one exchange, Fen Moli’s internal injuries could be said to be extremely severe. If not for his unwavering profound strength that firmly suppressed it, he would have already fainted long ago. With fury written all over his face, he took in a large mouthful of air and pointed at Yun Che: “That... That brute! He killed... our clan’s Second Young Master!”


 Following the last flickering lights from midair, Heaven Basin Secret Realm had completely closed. But two people had not come out. One was precisely Fen Juebi, and the other, was Mu Tianbei.


 “I killed your clan’s Second Young Master?” The corner of Yun Che’s mouth slanted. That disdainful expression looked as if he had heard an amusing joke: “Elder Fen, with which eye did you see me kill your Second Young Master? Hmph, in fact, it was your Burning Heaven Clan’s Fen Juecheng and Fen Juebi who plotted to take advantage of me when I had not fully recovered my strength in Heaven Basin Secret Realm. Not only that, they did not even hesitate to involve Heavenly Spear Thunderfire Fortress’ Mu Tianbei! If it weren’t for Xia fairy’s rescue, I would’ve already died in your Burning Heaven Clan’s two despicable people’s hands!”


 "What?" Qin Wushang’s expression changed into that of fury.


 "Bullshit!!" Fen Moli angrily replied: "Why would our great Burning Heaven Clan target a nameless junior like you! It was obviously you who had evil intentions and plotted against my Second Young Master!!"


 His words "nameless junior", made many secretly laugh to themselves. Before the ranking tournament, Yun Che was indeed a nameless junior. But now, Yun Che’s overall strength and fame, had far surpassed every member of Burning Heaven Clan’s younger generation. If he was still considered to be a "nameless junior", then wouldn’t it mean that his Burning Heaven Clan disciples were not even worthy of being called "nameless"?


 “Hahahaha!” Yun Che laughed wildly: “Your Burning Heaven Clan’s despicable shamelessness, distorting of facts, and ability to blame the victim first as the guilty, has truly opened my eyes. Fen Juebi did indeed die, but he had clearly died by Mu Tianbei’s hands! At that time, Xia Qingyue and your Young Clan Master were present. Furthermore, I have also heard your Young Clan Master say that you had planted some kind of special soul imprint on Fen Juebi’s body. If he had been killed, then you would immediately know who had killed him... Do you swear on your Burning Heaven Clan’s thousand years of honor, that the person you saw, who killed Fen Juebi, was truly me?!”


 “You...” Fen Moli was suddenly at a loss for words, as his faced turned purple. His reaction, had also let everyone clearly understand the truth. They were not at all unfamiliar with such a thing like a dying imprint. But seeing Fen Moli’s reaction, the person he saw, who had killed Fen Juebi, was definitely not Yun Che. Due to that, it was clear that Burning Heaven Clan had shifted this crime on Yun Che’s head. As for everything else Yun Che had said, they ought to be true as well.


 Chu Yueli’s crescent brows tightened slightly while asking: “Qingyue, you were really present at that time? What exactly happened?”


 Xia Qingyue calmly replied: “Reporting to Master, at that time, disciple was indeed nearby and had heard about the Burning Young Clan Master resenting Sir Yun because of Princess Cang Yue. After he entered the Heaven Basin Secret Realm with Fen Juebi, they had continuously tailed behind Sir Yun together. Furthermore, they had also brought along Heavenly Spear Thunderfire Fortress’ Fort Master Mu, who wanted to put Sir Yun to death. But when they took action, Fort Master Mu had accidentally killed Fen Juebi. With the support of the concealment of ice and snowy weather, disciple took Sir Yun and helped him escape that life-threatening situation. Elder Fen saying that Fen Juebi had died by Sir Yun’s hands... are completely false."


 Xia Qingyue had said the complete truth, but her narration was extremely ingenious. Mu Tianbei accidentally killing Fen Juebi was true, but the one who concocted the “accident” was Yun Che.


 Xia Qingyue was like a fairy in snow. With her incomparably beautiful complexion and extraordinary temperament, it was impossible for anyone to doubt her words. Once her words fell, a hissing sound immediately echoed from the surroundings. All kinds of contemptuous gazes lowered onto the six Burning Heaven Clan members and pressured them. They had recently suffered a crushing defeat in the ranking tournament, angered Frozen Cloud Asgard, and now they were held in contempt in everyone’s eyes. If this were to go out, it would very negatively affect their Burning Heaven Clan’s prestige.
Explore the labyrinthine roots of this substance at Nøv€lß¡n

 Fen Juecheng’s expression continuously changed. He finally clenched his teeth and said with complete discomfort: "Yun Che! You are well aware of how my Second Brother died! This grudge, our Burning Heaven Clan will make you pay in blood!"


 Yun Che laughed coldly. Just when he was about to counterattack, a low voice suddenly sounded: "Enough!!"


 Ling Kun swept the crowd with a gaze full of coldness. His gaze possessed an incomparably heavy oppression. Everyone who was swept past had all stopped breathing instantly. He spoke with indifference: "Wait until you leave Heavenly Sword Villa to settle whatever grudges and grievances you have with one another. How you want to settle it, is none of anyone’s concern. But this Heavenly Sword Villa, is not a place for you to resolve your resentments! I don’t want to know who killed who, or who wants to kill who. What had happened earlier, I can pretend that they did not happen. But after we return to the Villa, if anyone takes action or continue to bring up past grievances, don’t blame me for being impolite!”


 The incomparable might brought along by Ling Kun’s words made everyone shut their mouths. As for Burning Heaven Clan’s side, they had also breathed in a sigh of relief. Ling Kun said to Ling Yuefeng: "Yuefeng, I have stayed here long enough. I must leave tomorrow, so the Demon Sealing Ritual should start right now.


 Ling Yuefeng nodded: "Everything will be as Elder Ling has planned." After he finished speaking, he turned to face the crowd: "All of you have already heard what Elder Ling said previously. Everyone has only recently left the Heaven Basin Secret Realm and had spent quite a large amount of their profound energy, so much that some of you still retain injuries. But this is the first time that the Demon Sealing Ritual became open to the public. This ’demon’ had also used to be an enormous secret. To be able to personally see this demon, as well as the Sealing Ritual, is an extremely rare and valuable experience. I ask everyone to follow Elder Ling and I to the Sword Management Terrace. If you do not wish to come, you may return to your courtyards to rest. Everything is up to you."


 Sealed under Heavenly Sword Villa’s Sword Management Terrace was a mysterious "demon". All the various sects had heard of this matter, and were all curious as to what kind of "demon" it was since the start. It was only natural for them to not want to miss this kind of opportunity. As a result, everyone neatly followed Ling Kun and Ling Yuefeng, and headed for Heavenly Sword Villa’s Sword Management Terrace.


 But not everyone was interested.


 "Qingyue." Chu Yuechan stopped Xia Qingyue: "Are you interested in this so-called ’demon’?"


 Seeing Chu Yuechan, who was like an icy moon, Xia Qingyue immediately understood why she had stopped her. She slightly shook her head: "Disciple isn’t really that interested."


 "If that’s the case, then follow me. The range of your profound strength’s increase is too large, it would easily cause your profound strength to become unstable and harm your profound veins. It must be stabilized as quick as possible." After speaking, Chu Yuechan rose in the air and flew in the direction of the courtyards.


 "Yes, Senior Master." Xia Qingyue informed her master Chu Yueli, then followed Chu Yuechan.


 Members of the ten large sects quickly returned to Heavenly Sword Villa, and then headed towards the Sword Management Terrace. The assembly of Blue Wind Profound Palace’s four, were undoubtedly conspicuous. Qin Wushang was at the front. Following right behind him were Yun Che, Xia Yuanba, and Cang Yue. Yun Che and Cang Yue were constantly whispering on the way, and Xia Yuanba’s eyes glittered as he eagerly rubbed his hands in anticipation. It was obvious that he was looking forward to see the rumored "demon".


 "Fen Juecheng and them really wanted to kill you?" Cang Yue tightened her brows as she asked while holding back her rage.


 "Mn. But don’t worry, a mere Fen Juecheng is no longer a threat to me anymore. But..." Yun Che secretly sighed: "Senior Sister, I probably can’t return to the Blue Wind Profound Palace with you anymore. After we leave Heavenly Sword Villa, Burning Heaven Clan will definitely make their move. I have to escape their notice and then leave alone. They definitely won’t do anything to you, Palace Chief Qin, or Yuanba. Burning Heaven Clan will be hunting me down. I probably cannot return to Blue Wind Profound Palace for a long time, but don’t worry Senior Sister, I have never been afraid of things like people hunting me down. If there is someone chasing me from behind, it would force me to become even more powerful."


 Yun Che’s words immediately tightened Cang Yue’s heart... Burning Heaven Clan firmly believed that Yun Che was Fen Juebi’s cause of death. The death of the mighty Burning Heaven Clan’s Second Young Master would inevitably invoke the sky filling fury of the entire Burning Heaven Clan. The result, would precisely be an unceasing hunt for blood...


 That was an assassination from one of the Four Major Sects that the Blue Wind Imperial Family had always been deeply afraid of!!


 Even though he had said those words with the most relaxed of tones, he still sensed that Cang Yue’s breathing had momentarily stopped. Her complexion had also become slightly pale, and a pair of small hands firmly grabbed onto him. He immediately comforted: "Senior Sister, there really is no need to worry. Don’t forget, I also have the protection of Frozen Cloud Asgard. If worst comes to worst, I’ll go hide in Frozen Cloud Asgard."

