

Chapter 1600 - Directly Entering the Thousand Desolation Realm

 The cold light of humiliation flashed in the depths of Qianye Ying’er’s golden orbs, but it lasted for only an instant.


 She had gotten used to it.


 Yes, she had actually started to get used to it.


 “Yun... Che!” Qianye Ying’er lightly clenched her jade teeth. “Even if I am a toy, you had better not be too wanton and unbridled. Otherwise...”


 “Otherwise what?” Yun Che said. Not only did his actions not grow the least bit gentler, he even pushed out one leg, forcing Qianye Ying’er’s body into an incomparably shameless and incredibly humiliating position.


 “...Yun Che, let me tell you, your greatest mistake was that you did not plant a slave imprint on me that day!” Qianye Ying’er was unable to struggle free but her voice was filled with bloodlust. “Once I’ve killed that old villain Qianye Fantian with my own two hands, the next person I kill will be you!”


 “No, I don’t regret it at all.” Yun Che’s body bent toward her as he said in a lascivious voice, “This is exactly what I love to see! The sight of you having no choice but to submit your body to me and my desires despite you clearly hating it so much! Despite your clear humiliation and desire to kill me! To me, there is no fate more suited to you than this one!”


 “Also...” Yun Che wantonly traced a finger along her perfect body, a body as perfect as heavenly snow and divine jade. “You can’t kill me... You won’t ever be able to kill me!”


 In the distance, Hong’er was hugging a black greatsword with one arm while holding a purple broadsword in the other. Her hands alternated with great dexterity, bringing the swords to her mouth without pause. She chomped down on them with great gusto, causing “cracking” sounds to ring through the air and causing the two swords to be riddled with tooth marks.


 “They started quarrelling again... om nom nom!” Hong’er’s cheeks puffed up as she gobbled down her food and mumbled to herself in a muffled voice. She had long since gotten used to such a scene.


 “Hong’er, You’er, it’s about time for us to return.” He Ling subtly shifted her body as she tried to block their view.


 “Eh? But I haven’t finished eating yet.” Hong’er deliberately tried to speed up her eating. “Furthermore, I want to bring You’er to the place where Master found Hong’er all those years ago.”


 “Mn, want to see.” You’er gave a gentle nod of her head. She could already say those three words in a rather smooth and fluent manner and her colorful eyes flashed with the strange light of anticipation.


 “Then how about we go over and see it now?”


 “Mn!”


 Both girls held hands as they flew towards the south and it was only then that He Ling finally breathed a silent sigh of relief.


 She furtively turned her head backwards to look at Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er... She was unable to foresee just what sort of relationship would evolve between the two of them in the distant and not-so-distant future.


 ———


 The Thousand Desolation Divine Sect was located in the south of the Thousand Desolation Realm. They were the realm king sect that controlled everything in the Thousand Desolation Realm. Even though they had only reigned for ten thousand years, they had the Burning Moon King Realm backing them up. As such, their growth was extremely swift and their position in the Thousand Desolation Realm had become unshakable a long time ago.


 “Even though they’ve only existed for a measly ten thousand years, they are still the realm king sect of an upper star realm. They also have a king realm backing them up, so how are you going to destroy them?”


 Qianye Ying’er was wearing a white robe embroidered with butterfly patterns. The pearls embedded into her skirt shone with a gorgeous brilliance as it swayed.


 She really did not like these sorts of plain and spotless colors, but practically all of the robes that she did like had been ripped to shreds by Yun Che.


 “Before you decide to show off next time, please use your brains first!” Qianye Ying’er said in a huffy voice.


 “I’ve seen part of Yun Shang’s memories,” Yun Che said. “The Thousand Desolation Divine Sect forcefully replaced the Heavenly Handle Yun Clan back then and even though they are the realm king sect of an upper star realm, their foundation and overall strength is far weaker than average. Even now, they are still weaker than the Heavenly Handle Yun Clan at their peak.”


 “The Thousand Desolation Sect Master used to be one of the divine envoys from the Burning Moon King Realm. Even though he is a Divine Master, he has been stuck at the first level of the Divine Master Realm for more than ten thousand years, so that’s probably the limit of his power.” Yun Che’s gaze grew sharp and focused. “To our current selves, there is nothing much to fear.”


 “Of course, we need not be afraid of a mere Thousand Desolation Sect Master. But... his sect is still a great realm king sect!” Qianye Ying’er glared at Yun Che. “What’s more, besides this, you know nothing about the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect.”


 “I won’t waste too much time investigating a mere Thousand Desolation Divine Sect. They aren’t worthy of that sort of effort.” Yun Che’s eyes were cold and cruelly arrogant. “As long as I know myself, that will be enough.”


 “Heh.” Qianye Ying’er scoffed coldly.


 “Furthermore, I’ve never said that I would directly clash with the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect.” At this moment, Yun Che’s feet ground to a halt and he narrowed his eyes and cast his gaze forward.


 He observed two figures swiftly sweep by.


 Even though they were very far away, the voices of these two people rang in Yun Che’s and Qianye Ying’er’s ears with crystal clarity.


 “Seventh Brother I still don’t understand something. Our clan only received two invitations to a grand affair like the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince’s six thousandth birthday. Seventh Brother’s innate talent is exemplary, so it is only natural that you were picked. But why did Father want me to accompany you here? It is only reasonable that Father himself would come.”


 It was a man and a woman and they looked rather young. Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er could also surmise that they were brother and sister from their conversation.


 “Since we’ve already come all this way, there’s no harm in telling you,” the man said with a bland laugh. “Even though the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince’s innate talent is exemplary, he is extremely lustful and he has countless concubines. Furthermore, over the last few years, he would often pick his concubines from the guests who came to attend his birthday celebration. And those big and noble sects would often present beauties to him as a present... Do you understand now?”


 “...” The woman’s body jerked to a halt in midair, a terrified expression on her face. “So Father wants to... wants to give me...”


 “What are you afraid of?” the man replied. “This is the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince we are talking about! The one who is very likely to become the Thousand Desolation Realm’s realm king in the future! If you really do manage to catch his eye, even if you are only a minor concubine, you will still be able to reach the heavens in a single step, do you understand!?”


 As he looked at the woman’s appearance, his brow wrinkled slightly and he said, “Furthermore, even though your beauty is famed in the eastern region, we don’t even know if you’ll be able to catch his eye in the first place. After we’ve joined the birthday feast, you need to think of a way to capture his attention.”


 A series of expressions crossed the woman’s face.


 “Cuo’er,” the man said in a sincere and earnest voice, “don’t ever think that this is unfair to you. Think long and hard about what sort of existence the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince is. In fact, today might very well be the most important day in deciding your future, and the future of our family...”


 The woman nodded her head. “I... I understand.”


 Just as she said those words, both of them suddenly heard a soft ringing in their ears. Their vision went black at the same time and they were no longer conscious.


 Yun Che’s figure appeared. As he stretched out his hand, he released his profound handle and directly pierced the man’s soul... It flew out of the man’s body an instant later and invaded the woman’s soul.


 Bang!


 The spatial ring on the man’s hand was shattered by Yun Che. Yun Che used a finger to retrieve an invitation letter amidst the distorted and collapsing space.


 “My name is Bai Qi, and your name is Bai Cuo’er.”


 By the time he turned around, Yun Che’s face had already transformed into the face of the unconscious man. Even his voice sounded exactly the same.


 Qianye Ying’er let out a soft snort and that could be taken as an answer.


 Yun Che stripped the man of his outerwear and put it on. After that, his gaze alighted on the unconscious woman and he swallowed the words that he was about to speak... Given Qianye’s personality, she definitely would never be able to accept wearing robes that another woman had just worn.


 “Limit your profound energy to the Divine Spirit Realm.” Yun Che paused before a moment before suddenly saying, “Take off your mask.”


 Qianye Ying’er’s beautiful eyes slanted to the side as a dangerous smirk played along her pink and lustrous lips. “Are... you... sure?”


 “Take it off!” Yun Che repeated himself.


 Qianye Ying’er’s hand softly brushed across her face as it took off the black mask that covered her face.


 The moment her true features were revealed to the world, all the light in the world abruptly dimmed.


 She did not need to affect any sort of expression, her face did not need to be prettied up or decorated with any accessories. The moment her face was revealed to the world, the world discovered what unmatchable heavenly beauty was.


 “Let’s go.”


 Yun Che took to the skies but Qianye Ying’er moved a bit slower. She casually pointed a finger behind her, causing the unlucky siblings to be devoured by the darkness. Not even a single trace of them remained.


 Stretching more than fifteen hundred kilometers wide, Thousand Desolation Divine Mountain was the place the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect was located. Even though its scale and size were far inferior the Divine Ice Phoenix Sect’s Ice Phoenix Realm, as the Thousand Desolation Realm’s king sect, no one dared to question its might.


 During this period, a huge incident had occurred within the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect... Their chief enforcer, Devotee Empty Mind, went to the Heavenly Handle Yun Clan to take their Sacred Yun Ancient Pellet and Cloud Heaven Cauldron as gifts for the Crown Prince’s six thousandth birthday. With the Nine Lights Heavenly Palace and the Desolate Heaven Dragon Clan as the vanguard, he tried to force the Heavenly Handle Yun Clan to hand them over. Yet he had died miserably at the hands of an unknown person called “Yun Che”.


 When this incident was reported to them, it violently shook the entire sect and the Thousand Desolation Divine Master flew into a great rage. As a realm king sect that had the support of the Burning Moon Divine Realm, no one had ever dared to go against their Thousand Desolation Divine Sect... Besides, Venerable Empty Mind was their chief enforcer!
Witness the genesis of this narrative, streaming from Nøv€lß¡n★

 At this moment, the Crown Prince’s six thousandth birthday was approaching and all of the sects in the Thousand Desolation Realm had come to congratulate him, so the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect had not taken action yet. The day after the Crown Prince’s birthday was the deadline given to the Heavenly Handle Yun Clan. At that time, they would undoubtedly get to the bottom of things.


 The vast space in front of the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect’s main entrance was completely silent.


 Today was the Crown Prince’s six thousandth birthday, so their guests were all big shots. But the moment they arrived, they restrained their auras and lowered their bodies. In fact, they even tried to make their footsteps and breathing as light as possible. Their sole fear was that they would commit even the slightest breach of etiquette.


 But at this moment, an incident occured.


 Bang!


 Yun Che descended from the sky and he landed with quite a bit of force, causing the ground to faintly vibrate.


 The brows of the disciple in charge of receiving the guests sank. He wore an expression of fury on his face as he took a step forward and said, “Where are you from? Today is the Crown Prince’s birthday so you either quickly take out an invitation card or you get lost.


 “The eastern region’s Bai Clan.” Yun Che took out the invitation letter.


 The disciple took it as his brows knit together. Just as he was about to speak, Qianye Ying’er slowly floated to the ground and landed behind Yun Che.


 The disciple’s mouth dropped open and froze in place. His entire body went rigid as well.


 It was as if everything in front of him had abruptly disappeared. Right now, the only thing his eyes were seeing, the only thing that existed in his heart and soul, was a jade face that was as ethereal and beautiful as a dream... No, it was even more ethereal and beautiful than a dream.


 It transcended all reality, transcended all fantasy.


 “Ah... Ah...” One breath passed... Two breaths passed... Three breaths passed... but he was still in a stupor. He stared fixedly at Qianye Ying’er. It was as if his soul had been yanked from his body as he continued to mumble incoherently.


 Yun Che retrieved the invitation card from the disciple with a swipe of his fingers before saying, “Let’s go.”


 Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er passed through the main gate as they stepped into the heart of the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect. As for the disciple in front of the main entrance... It was only after a long time had passed that he finally came to his senses. However, he still had a disoriented look in his eyes, as if he had lost his soul and sank into a dream that he never wanted to wake up from.

