

Chapter 1033 - Moon God Scandal

  

 Scandal?


 The scandal of a King Realm’s Realm King?


 Was it even possible for such a great existence to have a scandal?
Unearth this data, retracing it to the very heart of Nøv€lß¡n★

 Mu Xuanyin’s eyes looked like cold stars as she narrated, "The Moon God Realm King has been in the position for a very long time and has many offspring with a large number of women. But he has still never had a legal wife."


 Yun Che nodded in complete understanding. A mighty being like the Moon God Realm King was a person at the zenith of the entire Primal Chaos. His wife didn’t necessarily have to have the same status as him but the difference shouldn’t be too big at least. However, given the supremely high position of the Moon God Realm King, it would be extremely difficult to find such a woman.


 "Dozens of years ago, the rumor that the Moon God Realm King was about to get married began to spread in the God Realm all of a sudden. Later, the rumor turned into reality as the Moon God Realm started to send invitation cards, in order to invite all the kings of the God Realm to participate in the grand marriage of the Realm King."


 "Dozens of years ago?" Yun Che was stunned... If they announced the marriage dozens of years ago and even sent invitation cards... what are they doing all this for again?


 "It was only then that everyone in the God Realm found out about the person who was going to be the wife of Moon God Realm’s King. She is actually a woman that has Divine Stainless Body! Che’er, have you heard of this divine body before?" Mu Xuanyin glanced sideways at Yun Che as she asked.


 He shook his head, "To be selected by the Moon God Realm King as his legal wife and make him want to spread the information about it as if he was showing off his accomplishment... this Divine Stainless Body should be an extremely amazing physique."


 "Hmph! It’s just as you said. Back then, the Moon God Realm King certainly had the intention to show off. The Divine Stainless Body hasn’t appeared in the God Realm for as long as over a hundred thousand years, after all. There was no way the Moon


 God Realm King wouldn’t want to show off after picking up such a treasure," Mu Xuanyin said in a cold tone.


 "..." Yun Che was slack-jawed upon hearing her words.


 "Do you know about primordial energy?" Mu Xuanyin asked abruptly.


 Yun Che nodded, "Disciple does know about it. Primordial energy is the most primitive and strongest spirit energy of the Primal Chaos. It is also the origin of the power possessed by the ancient gods."


 "Correct." Seemingly feeling it was a bit unexpected that Yun Che, who was born in a lower realm, knew about primordial energy, Mu Xuanyin took a glance at him with narrowed eyes for an instant. Then, she continued, "The biggest reason behind the unimaginable strength of ancient gods and devils was their birth at the beginning period of Primal Chaos, at the start of the primordial world. Having been born amidst the purest and densest primordial energy, they were able to have the currently extinct True God power and True God physique."


 "When the gods and devils became extinct, the world never again saw the appearance of a True God. The cause for such a change is none other than the fact that primordial energy is growing more scarce and turbid day by day. It is only natural that the era of True Gods won’t arrive again in the Primal Chaos Realm."


 "But... although it has become extremely rare, given the vastness of the Primal Chaos, there still exist some wisps of pure primordial energy. This pure energy is attracted by the aura of a newborn that could be deemed as the purest lifeform. Therefore, if some lucky fellow could come into contact with pure primordial energy within a hundred breaths after their birth, the wisp of pure primordial energy would fuse with their body and make their physique transform into the Divine Stainless Body!"


 "Ah... So that’s how it is." Yun Che fell into a daze for a brief moment. No wonder that it was called a "divine body." It was actually a physique formed from the purest primordial energy which was the power behind the birth of True Gods in the ancient era. "In that case, if one could sense and find the location of pure primordial energy in advance and give birth to a child in its vicinity, couldn’t the Divine Stainless Body be formed in a similar manner?"


 "Hmph! What a ridiculous idea," Mu Xuanyin said coldly. "The quantity of pure primordial essence has already hit the bottom in the current Primal Chaos Realm, so how can a mortal body sense the the highest-tiered power that is primordial energy!? Even the Dragon Emperor of the Dragon God Realm, whom everyone recognizes as the strongest being in the Primal Chaos, is utterly incapable of sensing the existence of primordial energy; to say nothing of pure primordial energy."


 "Eh, I see."


 Yun Che suddenly recalled the words told to him by Jasmine in the past, when he was having a breakthrough in the Great Way of the Buddha. She had said that if he could practice it to the tenth stage, then he wouldn’t absorb some ordinary spirit energy of the heaven and earth any longer but the primordial energy!


 However, she also told him that even her elder brother had only practiced to the sixth stage of the Great Way of the Buddha, which was the ultimate limit of a human’s potential.


 Therefore, to be able to absorb primordial energy is... nothing more than a theoretical concept.


 "As such, the appearance of the Divine Stainless Body has always been dependant on the heavens. In the huge God Realm, such a body would appear on extremely rare occasions and the rarity is constantly increasing with the passage of time. Initially, a Divine Stainless Body would appear once in ten thousand years in the God Realm but later the frequency became once in tens of thousands of years."


 "Before this woman the Moon God Realm King is going to get married to, the Divine Stainless Body hadn’t appeared for a whole one hundred and fifty thousand years in the God Realm. It’s basically a heaven-bestowed treasure even to someone as great as the Moon God Realm King. Although her place of birth is ordinary, no one would be surprised to know that the Moon God Realm King has selected her as his legal wife. Hmph! Quite likely, even the Kings of other King Realms must be feeling envious of him."


 "So does that mean, this Divine Stainless Body is extremely powerful, the person with such a physique possesses a talent far superior to others or... " Yun Che slightly lowered his voice, "it is very suitable for dual cultivation?"


 "None of them. The one having Stainless Body wouldn’t experience too much change in their physique and it doesn’t assist in practicing, either. But, it greatly prolongs one’s lifespan. As for dual cultivation, it is even more useless in that aspect."


 Yun Che was dumbfounded by Mu Xuanyin’s reply.


 "It is not possible to even sense a power of primordial energy level, so how could the body of an ordinary person absorb it?" Mu Xuanyin continued her explanation. "Only women could have the Divine Stainless Body. Although the primordial energy couldn’t be absorbed by others, the infant born within such a body would exist together with the pure primordial energy from the very moment it comes into existence... Even if its potential would be far, far from comparable to the gods that were born amidst the primordial energy at the beginning of the Primal Chaos, the inherent nature of its physique would be similar to them."


 Listening up to here, Yun Che at once said in realization, "In other words, the descendent born from a woman with the Divine Stainless Body would have an extremely high talent?"


 "There is much more to it." Mu Xuanyin said. "Even if it’s just a faint wisp, it’s still pure primordial energy in the end. As the infant would stay in the womb until its birth, his life force, body, and profound meridians, all of them would be influenced by the aura. Not only would it have an extremely high talent, there’s also a great possibility for it to have a variant physique or even an already extinct variant physique."


 "The whole process would be quite similar to how all kinds of divine powers and divine physiques were born from the primordial energy in the past."


 "Variant... Physique?" The words Yun Che heard exceeded his cognition.


 "The first generation of descendants born would have an especially astonishing talent and physique. Although following the loss of the primordial energy, its quantity would become increasingly less after every generation but those descendants would be still incomparable to ordinary people."


 Mu Xuanyin glanced at Yun Che as she revealed an earth-shattering fact, "According to the history of the God Realm, the first descendants born from a woman that has the Divine Stainless Body, unless met an unexpected premature death, would all eventually reach the Divine Master Realm. Half of them even obtained strength that was in no way inferior to that of the Realm King of a King Realm. There has been no exceptions so far!"


 "..." Yun was shocked still. He could now clearly understand the reason behind the King wanting to "show off" his wife.


 Moreover... such a body had only appeared once after an immensely long period of a hundred and fifty thousand years.


 The rarity of this divine body could be easily noticed when considering that the vast God Realm didn’t even have a history of a million years.


 "Then... why did it become a scandal later?" Yun Che had somewhat guessed the cause by now. Since it was labeled as a scandal, could it be that...


 "That woman with Divine Stainless Body is rumored to be born in a lower star realm, at the periphery of the Eastern Divine Region. No one knows her real name. When she entered the Moon God Realm, the King of the Realm personally granted her the name of ’Yue Wugou.’


 "Back then when the marriage was going to be held, the Moon God Realm sent invitation cards to all the King Realms of the Eastern Divine Region, upper star realms and even the King Realms of the other Divine Regions. The whole thing had been planned on an incomparably grand scale, going as far as employing very loud and sonorous voices to make the marriage announcement several times throughout the Eastern Divine Region. At the time, no one was unaware in the Eastern Divine Region that the Moon God Realm King would be taking in a woman with Divine Stainless Body as his wife."


 "However, less than ten days before the grand marriage, when a large number of Realm Kings of the upper star realms had arrived in the Moon God Realm in advance... Yue Wugou insisted on personally going to bring her biological parents to the Moon God Realm. However, she was met with an unforeseen accident on the way and all the people assigned to guard her lost their lives. Later, only their corpses could be discovered but Yue Wugou was nowhere to be found."


 "Ah?" Yun Che let out a light cry... There was still someone so daring as to offend the Moon God Realm!?


 "It goes without saying that the Moon God Realm King flew into a rage but unfortunately, he couldn’t find any clues on the corpses of the guards who had died so tragically. Even with the great power of the Moon God Realm, they were unable to find out anything that could hint at the kind of power that killed them. After he lost track of Yue Wugou, the King sent many people to look for her everywhere before he finally gave up on the hope. It caused a huge sensation as the grand marriage of the King of Eastern Divine Region’s King Realm ended without bearing any result. The Moon God Realm was greatly enraged and it didn’t take them much time to directly call the Star God Realm out on being the mastermind behind the accident. It was only the Star God Realm that could do such a thing, as they had a long-standing enmity with the Moon God Realm."


 "It’s really isn’t that surprising if the Star God Realm had sent people to assassinate Yue Wugou. Only the Moon God Realm King could be blamed in this matter for being too arrogant and careless."


 Mu Xuanyin said in a cold voice. Her words clearly implied that she also believed that the Star God Realm was the one behind the murder of the guards and the disappearance of Yue Wugou.


 "But, this could be considered a tragedy at best; it’s not good enough to even call it a joke. How could something of the sort be titled a scandal?" Yun Che said in puzzlement.


 "Because everyone thought that Yue Wugou died in the incident. But to their surprise, she returned to the Moon God Realm by herself after a period of seven years."


 "Just that..." Mu Xuanyin narrowed her eyes a bit, "Although she was completely safe and sound, when she returned, the aura of her vital yin had disappeared. The distinct, utmost pure aura of the Divine Stainless Body had also weakened to less than twenty percent. The reason for her disappearance was self-evident. Not only was she robbed of her vital yin but she had also most likely given birth to at least a couple of children!"


 "..." Yun Che’s mouth was wide agape... What the heck!? It really turned out to be like that!?


 The Moon God Realm King invited so many distinguished guests and shook the entire God Realm with his marriage announcement... And yet, the woman he was going to take as his wife was not only made to sleep with someone else, she even gave birth to his children!!


 The mighty Moon God Realm King, a being at the summit of the Primal Chaos, the most terrifying person in the world... was actually cuckolded!?


 Instead of facing such a humiliation, the Moon God Realm King would have preferred for Yue Wugou to just have straight up died.


 "W-who... is that man?" Yun Che asked with wide eyes.


 "Hmph! The Moon God Realm King is more anxious than you to know the identity of the person. However, quite interestingly, Yue Wugou was willing to die rather than to tell about him, no matter what. It is said that the reason the Moon God Realm was unable to find her was because there was no aura emitted from her to locate. Although she fortunately survived the accident, her body had suffered heavy injuries, leading to the complete loss of profound strength in the seven years of her disappearance. She only took the initiative to return to the Moon God Realm because her profound strength had suddenly recovered and she was afraid of her location being discovered by the Moon God Realm."


 "In other words, she basically returned for the sake of protecting that man... Uh, and those children," Yun Che said as he felt the oddity of the situation.


 Are you for real?! Who exactly is that man?! Not only was the Moon God Realm King cuckolded by him, he also made Yue Wugou go and confront such a danger, all to protect him. She was willing to die than tell about him...? That man is f*cking awesome!


 "Correct. Even though the Moon God Realm King was extremely furious, he still spared her life thinking of their former affectionate relationship. She was then shut inside the prison and unless she tells him about the man, she will never again see the light of day."


 "It seems this Yue Wugou is quite a passionate and unyielding woman." Yun Che sighed inwardly.


 "The matter of Yue Wugou’s return and her losing her vital yin, was in fact something that shouldn’t be allowed to be known to others at any cost. But for some reason, this information spread to the outside world before long. Hmph! Such a scandal would naturally attract the attention of more and more people and spread at an increasingly fast rate. Within the three months after her return, nearly everyone even in the other Divine Regions knew about the matter. Afterwards, the Moon God Realm and the Star God Realm started a ceaseless, bitter fight between them, publicly and secretly. However, the Moon God Realm King never again made his appearance before others."


 Knowing the whole story, Yun Che in fact felt some sympathy towards the Moon God Realm King... He found a woman that had the Divine Stainless Body and high-spiritedly announced the world that he was taking her as his wife. The marriage was planned on a such a grand scale but in the end, he was ruthlessly cuckolded. Moreover, Yue Wugou was willing to forever stay in the darkness for the man who had cuckolded him. It was absolutely impossible for any man to bear such an immensely disgraceful matter; to say nothing of the distinguished Moon God Realm King!

