

Chapter 1580 - The Trembling Venerable Sword

 “The Northern Divine Region has a total of three king realms; Hell Devil, Burning Moon and Soul Stealing.” Qianye Ying’er spoke suddenly, “Which king realm are you referring to?”


 “...Burning Moon.” Yun Shang was clearly more nervous when facing Qianye Ying’er, even her tone had become a lot quieter.


 “Hmph, for the Burning Moon of the Devil God Realm to be angered to this extent, it looks like the ‘sacred artifact’ that your clan was guarding is no ordinary thing.”


 As Qianye Ying’er was also from a king realm, she knew a fair amount about the king realms in the Northern Divine Region.


 Especially...


 A women’s figure flashed through her mind... followed by a name that would send a chill through the soul of all the god emperors in the three divine regions if it was uttered aloud.


 Yun Che did not ask any more questions. He stood up straight and looked into the distance. His gaze remained frozen for a long time. But after that, he suddenly stretched out his hand and placed it on top of Yun Shang’s head. Profound light flashed in his palm and Yun Shang trembled faintly before losing consciousness and gently collapsing on the ground.


 Yun Che moved to grab her and tapped a finger between her eyebrows. His Profound Handle immediately entered her soul sea but he quickly let go of her soon after.


 He did not read her memories, but verified that she had spoken the truth... In fact, she had not spoken a single lie.


 Yun Clan...Profound Handle...Purple Lightning...Ten thousand years...


 It was too much of a coincidence, everything was too much of a coincidence.


 A hair raising coincidence.


 As she glanced at the unconscious maiden in Yun Che’s arms, Qianye Ying’er said, “It’s about time you gave me an explanation!”


 “She is probably my clansman,” Yun Che said.


 “Your... clansman?” Qianye Ying’er knitted her eyebrows slightly, this place was the Northern Divine Region after all.


 Yun Che stretched his left arm out and a cyan light appeared in an instant.


 The power that this cyan light emitted was many times more powerful compared to Yun Shang’s. But its shape and its unique bloodline divine aura was nearly exactly the same.


 Qianye Ying’er was momentarily silent before speaking, “The Heavenly Handle Yun Clan that escaped from the Northern Divine Region back then... are you one of their descendants?”


 “It’s highly likely,” Yun Che said. “Because the timing, surname, profound art, and the power of the profound handle... all of it fits perfectly."


 “Is that how you inherited your darkness profound energy?” Qianye Ying’er asked. But her expression immediately changed after that. “No! The Illusory Demon Realm’s Yun Clan that you are from, your parents, your daughter, your clansmen, do not have the darkness profound energy. Otherwise, it would be impossible for me not to detect it.”


 During her time as Yun Che’s slave, she had come into contact with almost everyone around Yun Che.


 Yun Che did not let go of the girl sleeping in his arms, and it was not known whether it was because he had forgotten to do so or if he was subconsciously unwilling to do so. He stared into the distance and said in a somewhat absent-minded voice, “The start of my Yun Clan in the Illusory Demon Realm dates back to ten thousand years ago... Before that period, whether it was in our annals or the ancestral records of the Illusory Demon Realm, there was no mention of us.”


 Qianye Ying’er, “...”


 “Ten thousand years ago, the Illusory Demon Royal Family finally unified the Illusory Demon Realm after many years of war. A large portion of the credit went to the Yun Family, and thus they were made the head of the Twelve Guardian Families. The power of the Profound Handle, a power unique to my clan, was also known to everyone in the Illusory Demon Realm. However, there were absolutely no records of such a strong clan or a power as unique as the Profound Handle in the Illusory Demon Realm before that period of time, and that in and of itself is already something that is very strange.”


 “I’ve heard about this from Father once. Back then, the Illusory Demon Royal Family had shown great grace and kindness to the Yun Family. Because of that, my ancestors had decided to forsake their past and loyally serve the Illusory Demon Royal Family. However, I’m afraid that even my father was not totally convinced by this explanation.”


 “It’s just that it’s been so long since then, so no one really cared about just how the Yun Family was founded any longer.”


 Qianye Ying’er stared at Yun Che’s reaction. Clearly, he had been greatly affected by this.


 Yun Che closed his eyes and he slowly described the scenes that had unconsciously formed in his mind, “Ten thousand years ago, in the Heavenly Handle Cloud Realm, an incident happened within the ruling clan, the Heavenly Handle Yun Clan. Their second clan chief and a portion of the clan members took the ‘sacred artifact’ and fled from the clan and escaped the Northern Divine Region altogether. This was because of the divergent views and opinions that had formed within the clan and because outsiders were lusting after the sacred artifact they were guarding. They kept fleeing east until they landed on a planet, the Blue Pole Star, and they ended up in the Illusory Demon Realm.”


 “By using a certain special method, they lost their cultivation and their true devil bloodline. This was the price they had to pay to rid themselves of darkness profound energy... But, the power of the Devil Handle that was deeply rooted in their bloodline miraculously survived this process, and its name was changed to ‘Profound Handle’.”


 “On the plane where the Blue Pole Star existed, the upper limit and the speed of their cultivations were a far cry from when they had been in the Northern Divine Region. It was very likely that they had met with a great crisis before their strength had fully matured and were saved by the Illusory Demon Royal Family in this time of crisis. Thus, the entire clan decided to follow them after that.”


 “Since they were repaying their debt of gratitude, they also made use of this opportunity to change their identities and determine a new future for the entire clan.”


 “Although their strength was restricted by the plane that they dwelled in, their knowledge and experience in the profound way allowed them to quickly become the strongest clan in the Illusory Demon Realm. After that, they helped the Illusory Demon Royal Family conquer the Illusory Demon Realm and became the head of the Twelve Guardian Families, their position in the Illusory Demon Realm second only to the Illusory Demon Royal Family.”


 “From then on, they have lived as a guardian family of the Illusory Demon Royal Family. No one would know of their origin or their past. The Northern Divine Region as well as the Heavenly Handle Yun Clan would never be able to find them since they no longer possessed the darkness aura.


 “However, they were not willing to change their surnames. The unique divine power that flowed through their veins and the lightning profound art that they cultivated were marks that could not be erased.”


 Yun Che’s detailed explanation was undoubtedly telling Qianye Ying’er that all of these things were not only based on speculation and conjecture. She furrowed her brow and asked, “Did everything really fall into place so nicely? Wait... what about that ‘sacred object’ then? Could this be some sort of ‘coincidence’ as well?”


 “That ‘sacred artifact’ is with me,” Yun Che said as he opened his eyes, a strange light glinting in them.


 “What is it?”


 “You shouldn’t ask.”


 “Hmph.” Qianye Ying’er scoffed.


 There was something that had always puzzled Yun Che after he had returned to the Illusory Demon Realm all those years ago.


 And it was regarding this matter. Everyone knew that the “Mirror of Samsara” was the greatest treasure of the Illusory Demon Royal Family, but when he brought the Mirror of Samsara back to the Illusory Demon Realm, the Little Demon Empress took the Demon Emperor’s Seal back from him... but she had never asked him for the Mirror of Samsara.


 It was not just the Little Demon Empress. Even Yun Qinghong, who was extremely loyal to the Illusory Demon Royal Family, had never asked him to return the Mirror of Samsara to the Illusory Demon Royal Family.


 Afterwards, he married the Little Demon Empress and when he casually brought the topic up, the Little Demon Empress had said that he could take it as his dowry... Oh, that’s not it, he could regard it as a betrothal gift from her.


 A treasure that had been guarded by a royal family for many generations and had not been demanded back by that royal family even after its return. On the contrary... it seemed to have been given to him very casually... by the Little Demon Empress, an extremely forceful person who clung to tradition.


 Even though it seemed quite illogical to Yun Che back then, he had never been in the habit of questioning good fortune too deeply.


 Come to think of it... perhaps, the Mirror of Samsara belonged to the Yun Family.


 Perhaps one of the patriarchs had offered it to the Illusory Demon Royal Family in the past... But, back then, the second clan chief would rather flee together with it than allow it to fall into the hands of a king realm. So, this possibility was very small.
The initial posting of this chapter occurred via noovelllbbin

 Or perhaps, it was exposed for some reason, and to prevent others from coveting it, they had publicly announced that it was an item belonging to the Illusory Demon Royal Family. But in actual fact, it had always been with the Yun Family... Back then, Yun Qinghong and his wife had brought the Mirror of Samsara with them to the Profound Sky Continent and that served as excellent proof of this idea.


 If it was just one or two factors coinciding, then it could very well be written off as pure coincidence. But when everything, including the unique item, completely matched with each other... then he had no choice but to believe it, no matter how inconceivable it was.


 “It seems that our Yun Family could actually have originated from this devilish domain...” Yun Che gave a soft sigh. This was something he would have never thought of in the past. He could not imagine just how Father would have reacted to this revelation if he was still alive.


 “Are you going to verify this matter?” Qianye Ying’er asked.


 “I will,” Yun Che replied. “But not now. For the next half a year, we will remain here. This is indeed the most suitable place for us so far.”


 “What about her?” Qianye Ying’er asked as she gave Yun Shang a glance.


 “Let her follow us.” He quickly suppressed an emotion that momentarily surfaced in his eyes. The young lady in his arms... was not Yun Wuxin. But that sensation of her safely curled up in his arms brought about an illusion that he was fully aware of, but was unwilling to snap out of. “Since I have promised to take her back, I will do just that.”


 The corner of Qianye Ying’er’s mouth turned downwards as she crossed her arms over her chest and asked in a slightly gloomy voice, “Follow us? Are we going to let her see us cultivate every day? Are you trying to liven up our cultivation sessions with something fresh?”


 Yun Che put Yun Shang down and placed a small barrier over her to prevent the storm from hurting her. As he stood up, his gaze had already turned cold and he said, “In the next six months, I will refine the Ice Phoenix divine power in me completely. I will also fuse with the devil blood and absorb the aura of this place. Even if I am unable to become a Divine Sovereign in six months time, it will be enough for me to reach the limits of the Divine King Realm.”


 “As for you... Act as proper incubator during our dual cultivation and you should be able to properly start cultivating a Heaven Smiting Devil Art that belongs solely to you.”


 “With the Devil Emperor’s blood as the origin of your power, the Illusory Devil Tome of Eternal Night as your foundation, and your title as Brahma Monarch Goddess to top it off... you mustn’t disappoint me six months from now.”


 “What about our profound strength?” Qianye Ying’er asked unenthusiastically.


 “If I am in the Divine King Realm, then you will be in the Divine Sovereign Realm. If I am a Divine Sovereign, then... you will be able to become a Divine Master once again.” Yun Che said calmly as he spoke words which were unimaginable to any profound practitioner.


 A light flashed in Qianye Ying’er orbs and her golden brows furrowed, “Are you restricting my recovery?”


 “I am the only person in this universe who is able to restore your profound veins,” Yun Che replied coldly. “Until I have properly cultivated the ‘Eternal Calamity of Darkness’ and am able to control you completely, I will never let your strength surpass mine!”


 Qianye Ying’er’s golden eyes narrowed before she smirked coldly, “Even though it will only be to your advantage if I recover faster, I greatly admire your choice.”


 Whoosh!!


 A terrifying gust of storm rolled in and covered the figures of Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er, before swallowing up everything in sight.


 The core of the Central Ruins Realm, a disaster zone which struck terror into the hearts of all the profound practitioners from the Five Nether Ruins, had instead become the place Yun Che chose to cultivate in at present.


 ............


 The borders of the Central Ruins Realm.


 The great realm kings of the East Ruins Realm, West Ruins Realm, North Ruins Realm had lost their lives in the Central Ruins Realm along with countless other strong individuals. One could well imagine the chaos that was occurring in these three great realms during this period of time.


 The Southern Phoenix Divine Country had taken control of the Central Ruins Realm and had strictly banned any profound practitioners from stepping foot onto it.


 It was just when the Five Nether Ruins were descending into chaos that a terrifying aura which exuded extreme malice shot toward the Central Ruins... But just when he neared the borders of the Central Ruins Realm, a woman’s voice suddenly rang out and caused him to slow down.


 “Venerable Hidden Sword, why have you come here?”


 This person was the Palace Master of the Nine Lights Heavenly Palace’s Hidden Sword Palace, the master of Beihan Chu, Venerable Hidden Sword!


 He had pursued the fleeing members of the Sinful Yun Clan and had brought the apprehended members back to the Nine Lights Heavenly Palace. En route, he had also received a sound transmission from Beihan Chu and had found out that he had coincidentally caught that girl from the clan of sinners. The girl who everyone had protected with all their strength, who definitely possessed an extraordinary status within their clan.


 He had originally been waiting for Beihan Chu and Lu Bubai’s return at the Nine Lights Heavenly Palace. But what arrived instead was news that their soul crystals had been shattered.


 This caused him to immediately rush over to this place like a madman.


 “Who are you?” He asked in a deep voice. The woman before him was adorned in a striking gold palace robe and she wore a jade crown decorated with pearls. Even though her face was hidden, an extraordinarily luxurious aura was faintly radiating from her body.


 The aura of her profound strength was only at the Divine Spirit Realm, yet she dared to block his path.


 “This princess’s name is Nanhuang Chanyi.” The woman’s voice was as gentle as water. “Since Venerable Hidden Sword is Beihan Chu’s master, you should know my name.”


 “So you are that Nanhuang lass who has eyes but cannot see, the girl who failed to appreciate my Chu’er?” Malice rippled all over Venerable Hidden Sword’s body as his aura fiercely surged towards Nanhuang Chanyi. “You’ve come at the right time! Speak, what happened here! Who killed Chu’er... Speak!!”


 “It was I who killed him, and what can you do to me?” Nanhuang Chanyi spoke in a leisurely voice.


 “You? Ha... with just you alone?” In a fit of anger, Venerable Hidden Sword suddenly sensed that something was not right... Under the pressure of his power, a mere woman of the Divine Spirit Realm should have broken down due to the immense fear. But she was actually this calm!


 “That’s right, just me alone.” Nanhuang Chanyi remained relaxed and she slowly raised her finger. A pitch-black ring appeared in the Venerable Hidden Sword’s sight.


 Venerable Hidden Sword grew even more enraged and he was just about let out a cold laugh... when his eyes suddenly felt as if they had been pierced by countless silver needles, completely widening in the next instant.


 He fixed his gaze on the black ring on Nanhuang Chanyi’s finger, and his eyes that were originally full of anger started to tremble violently. Following that, his hands, his feet and even his entire body started to shake like mad. Every expression, every part of his body was filled with extreme fear.


 “You... You are...” He opened his mouth but his voice had become completely distorted.


 “This princess killed Beihan Chu and Lu Bubai? Have you come to denounce me?” Nanhuang Chanyi asked, her voice still as gentle and soft as before.


 But when those words fell on Venerable Hidden Sword’s ears, it sounded like a sinister demonic sound which would steal one’s life away.


 He shook his head violently, like a madman. His eyes turned so wide that it looked like they were about to burst out of their sockets. His mouth opened and closed repeatedly without emitting a single sound and he knelt down as his body had turned limp, “No... no... I wouldn’t dare... please... please... spare my life...”


 “Go back and tell your Chief Palace Master that in the next hundred years, the members of the Nine Lights Heavenly Palace are not to come close to the Five Nether Ruins.” Nanhuang Chanyi spoke calmly, “Also, our ‘shadow’ is not to be made known to others. If any information is leaked, the entire Nine Lights Heavenly Palace will be completely eradicated.”


 She did not explain why she killed Beihan Chu... because she did not have to.


 “Mn...” Venerable Hidden Sword could hardly believe that he was still alive. He nodded and kowtowed... Under the immense shock and fear, it seemed that he did not know of anything else other than these two actions.

