

Chapter 1858 - Dragon Slaughter Ground

 



 “The Chi Dragon Emperor... and Hui Dragon Emperor!” Qianye Ying’er replied.


 Yun Che thrust his arms forward. His right hand surged with darkness profound energy, and his left hand howled with bluish wind. The black and blue profound lights came together to form a dark storm in the sky before sweeping toward the west with incredible speed.


 No one dared to touch, much less stop the dark storm conjured by the Devil Master himself.


 When the dark storm approached its target, it suddenly split in half and rushed toward the Chi Dragon Emperor and Hui Dragon Emperor like a pair of roaring devil dragons.


 Although the Chi Dragon Emperor and Hui Dragon Emperor bore less pressure than the Dragon Gods, their willpower had become drastically weakened, and they couldn’t circulate more than twenty percent of their usual power even when they pushed their souls to the point where they were shredding themselves. After the Blue Dragon Emperor stopped withholding her power, they couldn’t even squeeze out a complete line of insult or pleading, much less retaliate against her.


 A compassionate person—especially one who had refused to compete against the world for a hundred thousand years—could be absolutely terrifying when they finally resolved themselves to violence.


 Since the moment she attacked the Emperor Chi Dragons and Hui Dragons, each of her attacks was more ruthless than the last. The exploding ice, the corroding cold, and the deep blue that seemed to contain a sea of rage and madness terrified even her own people, much less the Chi Dragons and Hui Dragons who suffered them.


 It wasn’t long before over half of the Chi Dragons and Hui Dragons were gravely injured or dead. The Chi Dragon Emperor and Hui Dragon Emperor themselves had their profound veins and internal organs completely corroded by ice energy. The only reason they were still alive was because they were born as dragons.


 The Blue Dragon Emperor was going to stop the sudden approaching dark storm with a screen of water when she suddenly detected Yun Che’s presence. She hastily backed away despite not knowing what Yun Che was planning to do.


 Whoosh!!


 The two storms grabbed the Chi Dragon Emperor and Hui Dragon Emperor violently before tossing them toward Yun Che.


 The two western region god emperors drew black scars across the sky before they crashed heavily into the ground in front of Yun Che.


 The darkness profound energy entangling their bodies shackled their souls as well. It caused both the Chi Dragon Emperor and Hui Dragon Emperor to writhe in pain. When they met Yun Che’s icy gaze though, all their struggles, voluntary or involuntary, abruptly came to a standstill.


 Technically speaking, they were all rulers. However, they were like lowly maggots compared to Yun Che.


 The Devil Master found it beneath him to waste a single word or even a single gaze on these two maggots. So, he raised his foot and brought it down with brutal strength again.


 The darkness profound energy surrounding his feet crushed the Chi Dragon Emperor to bits before he even had the time to squeak out a plea. A loud crack later, he was gone just like that.


 Up until this point, every god emperor in the history of the God Realm had more or less died of old age. Forget the god emperors, even the death of a Star God or a Moon God was usually shocking news that stunned the entire God Realm.


 But today, these god emperors were gathered together like grasshoppers and killed en masse.


 Yun Che was about to crush the Hui Dragon Emperor next when Yan Wu’s shivering, hateful voice suddenly entered his ears, “Your Magnificence, if I may... I would like to execute this scum myself.”


 One only needed to look at the blood covering her entire body to know the extent of Yan Wu’s injuries. Despite being empowered by Calamity and Misfortune, she still moved like a disabled person. Even so, she gritted her teeth, endured her injuries and rushed toward the Hui Dragon Emperor with all her might.


 The White Rainbow Dragon God, the Myriad Manifestations God Emperor, the Chi Dragon Emperor, and Hui Dragon Emperor were the four main culprits who had driven Yan Tianxiao into sacrificing himself. Three of the four scum had already perished, but she still wanted to kill the last one with her own hands... if only to fulfill her last filial duty as his daughter...


 Yun Che withdrew his dark energy a bit and shot Qianye Ying’er a glance. Then, he kicked the Hui Dragon Emperor in the stomach—destroying his last remaining bit of vitality and draconic breath in the process—and sent his half-dead body flying to Yan Wu.


 Red light erupted from Yan Wu’s eyes as she channeled almost enough Yama Devil energy to exceed her greatest limits. Instead of wielding the Yama Devil Spear, she chose to stab the Hui Dragon Emperor with her own two hands and flood his entire body with her hate-filled power.


 The Hui Dragon Emperor’s eyes bulged unnaturally. The last image imprinted on his eyes was that of his Hui Dragons being slaughtered by black blood...


 If only... this was all... a dream...


 BOOM!!


 Yan Wu’s energy erupted once more, and an even greater explosion finally wiped out his final consciousness and shattered the proud body that had lived for tens of thousands of years.


 Dragon blood drenched Yan Wu’s arm and splashed her entire body. For a moment she stared blankly at nothing in particular until the mist in her eyes turned into uncontrollable tears.


 Did you see this, royal father...


 You haven’t died for nothing... it is your final will and power that protected the Devil Master until he returned. It is you who brought us the new life the Northern Divine Region had thought would never come true for countless years...


 You are my and the Yama Devils... eternal pride!


 She didn’t know when Yun Che had walked up to her. After he conjured a ray of pure darkness and wiped clean the dirty blood covering her face, her clothes and her skirt, he started tending her injuries gently.


 “...” Yan Wu turned around dumbly and stared at Yun Che with blurry eyes.


 “Don’t let this filthy blood tarnish your body or soul,” said Yun Che. The monstrous cold and blackness that dominated his voice earlier had been replaced with indifferent, but definite gentleness. “Your father must want to see a better daughter and a better Yama Devil Realm in the afterworld.”


 After he said that, he raised his hand and summoned a pitch black cauldron.


 It was the devil artifact of inheritance of the Yama Devil Realm, the Yama Devil Nether Crossing Cauldron!


 Six distinct dark auras were floating inside the cauldron right now. One of them... was none other than the Yama Devil aura her father used to carry.


 (One of the Yama Devil origin powers had passed away with Tian Guhu forever.)


 Yun Che had taken the Yama Devil Nether Crossing Cauldron from the three Yama Ancestors. Even Yan Tianxiao, the god emperor of the Yama Devil Realm had only held it a couple of times in his life. As long as Yun Che owned the Yama Devil Nether Crossing Cauldron, the Yama Devil Realm would never be free from his power.


 Today, he returned it to Yan Wu himself.


 This meant that the Yama Devil Realm was granted true freedom and independence when the new world and future arrived.


 After Yan Wu accepted the Yama Devil Nether Crossing Cauldron, her cheeks began trembling, and she bit her lips so hard that it drew blood. When she finally put away the artifact of devil inheritance, she finally lost control of her emotions, threw her arms around Yun Che, buried her head into his chest and cried.


 “Er...” Yun Che’s eyes widened in realization. He instinctively leaned backward and raised his hands into the air, but Yan Wu’s sobs were so heartbreaking that he ultimately couldn’t find the heart to push her away.


 “~！@#￥%...” Whatever good feelings Qianye Ying’er had a second ago were immediately replaced by towering fury. She turned her head away and uttered through gritted teeth, “Bastard!”


 On the other side, Yan One, Two, and Three were shaking away the dragon blood on their hands after killing the last Withered Dragon and Dragon God. When they looked in Yun Che’s direction though, their eyeballs nearly fell out of their sockets.


 Motherfu...


 ...does this mean we’ll have to worship our great-great-great-great-great-great... great granddaughter like our ancestor from now on?


 Contrary to their comedic appearance, the ground beneath and behind them was littered with dragon flesh, blood and bones.


 All five Withered Dragons and seven Dragon Gods had died without a shred of dignity or class. A wild dog that was beaten to death on the streets probably had more dignity than them.


 The reputation the Dragon Monarch, Withered Dragons, and Dragon Gods had cultivated for a million years... was annihilated in a single day as well.


 Assuming that some Dragon God descendant somehow slipped through the net and lived to tell the tale, they would surely do everything in their power to bury this shameful history.


 The battlefield to the west side was far, far bloodier than even the battlefield of the Yama Ancestors, however.


 If someone thought that the northern region profound practitioners only had one day’s worth of anger and hatred to vent, they would be dead wrong. No, they had an entire million years worth of despair, grief, pain, hatred, and more to vent upon their enemies.


 The difference between a profound practitioner who was suppressed and not suppressed by Yun Che’s dragon god image was like night and day. What should’ve been an even battle at least was turned into a completely one-sided slaughter; a battlefield turned into a slaughter ground.


 Their dark blood boiled with tyranny as they reaped the Dragon Sovereigns, whose power had made them fall into despair a moment ago, like wheat.


 They knocked the Dragon Sovereigns and Master Dragons to the ground and brutalized them with their darkness profound energy. Some used their bare arms and even their teeth to tear their victims to shreds.


 The Hui Dragon’s forces and Chi Dragon’s forces weren’t faring much better themselves. After losing their god emperors, they had lost even their last bit of conviction. Standing before them were the demon-like northern region profound practitioners. Coming behind them was the Blue Dragons’ ruthless backstab...


 In a sense, their downfall was even worse than the Dragon Gods’.


 It wasn’t that they couldn’t accept death, but dying in such a sorrowful fashion where they couldn’t even struggle was a completely different story.


 They set down all their dignity and begged for mercy with all their might, but all they got for their troubles was a complete lack of hesitation and a merciless, blood-drenched claw.


 The Myriad Manifestations Realm was the only force present that could mount some sort of resistance against their attackers, but they were too busy being savaged to death by the mighty Qilins. More than half of these powerful Divine Masters that were normally so hard to kill died in less than fifteen minutes.


 Dragon blood was spilled every breath, every instant of this war. It dyed the sky of the ruined god realm dark red.


 As the air grew thicker and thicker with blood, it eventually felt like they were breathing dragon blood, not air.


 Meanwhile, Long Bai lay alone as his brethrens’ blood curdling screams filled the air.


 He was the Dragon Monarch, but he was left alone like an old shoe in a drain that no one wanted to bother with.


 Long Bai had lived for three hundred and fifty thousand years, so twenty four hours was but the snap of a finger to him. Right now though, every instant felt as long and arduous as a thousand years of suffering to him.


 He had had to watch his ancestors, the Withered Dragons be slaughtered to the last. He had had to watch his Dragon Gods die horrific deaths. Even now, he had to hear the Dragon Sovereigns and Master Dragons howl at the top of their lungs.


 He would rather die right here and now than suffer this torment on his soul and body any longer.


 No one came to kill him though, not even the nameless mortals that he normally wouldn’t even deign to look at.


 The Yun Che he hated to the bone though was floating high in the sky and accepting the world’s praise and respect right now.


 Not fair...


 I, the Dragon Monarch, had to cultivate my profound energy, heart, and soul for three hundred and fifty thousand years before I could become the monarch of the Primal Chaos.


 But he, a thirty year old junior who has lived less than a ten-thousandth of my lifetime... has defeated me, shamed me, and even destroyed the Dragon Gods who ruled the world for a million years...


 The Heretic God’s inheritance, the Devil Emperor’s inheritance, the Dragon God’s gift, and even Shen Xi...


 Why... is he so easily able to obtain everything that another person would fail to get even if they staked everything they had?


 Why is this heavenly way so unfair?


 Why is this fate so laughable!!


 Why...


 He somehow managed to struggle to his feet, but it lasted only an instant before he dropped to his knees again. He couldn’t even straighten his back.


 His injuries were far worse than they appeared from the outside. His internal organs and profound veins had been consumed by darkness or scorched to ashes by the flames. If his life force wasn’t as abnormally strong as it was, if he was anyone else, he would’ve died a thousand times over already.


 In the sky, after Yan Wu gradually stopped crying, she finally realized what she was doing and moved her head away from Yun Che’s chest. Too panicked to even wipe her tears, she bowed her head deeply and apologized, “My apologies, Your Magnificence. Yan Wu didn’t mean to...”


 Yun Che shook his head and smiled at her. “It’s good that you are able to shed tears.”


 “...” After Yan Wu wiped her face with her palm, she declared with renewed determination, “Don’t worry, Your Magnificence. We of the Yama Devils aren’t normally this fragile. Yan Wu swears to you that the Yama Devils will regain their former glory in less than ten thousand years! We will become the sharpest and most loyal devil blade you will ever have!”


 It was both a promise and a declaration of the Yama Devil Realm’s future.


 “Very good.” Yun Che nodded. “I look forward to it.”


 After saying that, he turned around and ordered all the northern region profound practitioners in a low tone, “Finish it!”


 Using up both profound energy and soul energy at the same time while using a profound handle as the carrier was naturally far more exhausting than just using up one’s soul energy. Although his total soul energy and his mastery over the Dragon God’s divine soul had far surpassed what it used to be thanks to almost three years of dual cultivation with Shui Meiyin’s Divine Stainless Soul, it still wasn’t something he could maintain for too long. It was the strongest soul suppression in the entire world after all.


 He was starting to feel a bit dizzy, but of course he couldn’t show weakness as the Devil Master.


 The northern region profound practitioners immediately gave up brutalizing their opponents and focused on killing their opponents instead. The speed at which the Dragon Sovereigns, Master Dragons, Chi Dragons, and Hui Dragons died immediately went up drastically.


 Considering what they were going through though, they would probably embrace the merciful release with both arms.


 After placing Shui Yingyue on top of the barrier, Shui Meiyin appeared next to Yun Che and pressed her small hands against his back. His senses immediately cleared up after his soul was soothed by her Divine Stainless Soul.


 “Don’t worry, I can handle this perfectly,” Yun Che said comfortingly.


 Now that he felt better, he teleported in front of the Dragon Emperor of Absolute Beginning next.


 Without a word, the dragon emperor’s eyes flashed white, and a half tralucent barrier carried Caizhi gently to Yun Che.


 Yun Che extended his arms and carefully embraced her.


 Many years had passed since that fateful day, but Caizhi’s appearance hadn’t changed in the slightest. She was still as small, delicate, soft and cute as the day she first saw her. She looked like a sleeping kitten in his arms.


 Her injuries weren’t very serious, but she was unnaturally weakened. She had clearly fought to the last bit of strength.


 He stared at a deathly pale face and tightened his embrace bit by bit. A long time later, he finally looked away from her face and said, “I will not forget the favor you’ve done for me, Dragon Emperor of Absolute Beginning.”


 More than half of the core of the Dragons of Absolute Beginning had perished in today’s battle. The Dragon Emperor of Absolute Beginning himself had gone far and beyond to protect Caizhi. Both were great favors he wouldn’t be forgetting any time soon.


 “It is fine,” the Dragon Emperor of Absolute Beginning said. “Just treat my master well, and all is well.”


 “Mn.” Yun Che replied lightly. Caizhi was his wife. There was no need to make a show about something so obvious.


 On a related note, he could probably remove the devilish imprint the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor had implanted in the Dragons of Absolute Beginning using the Eternal Calamity of Darkness.


 However, Yun Che decided against mentioning it after just a very brief moment of hesitation.Witness the genesis of this narrative, streaming from Nøv€lß¡n★

