

Chapter 913 - Reduced to Ashes

  

 “Xuanyuan Wentian, you... Ahh!! What are you doing... Stop!!”


 “You dare... You scum... Ahh!! Even if this sovereign turns into a ghost, this sovereign will never forgive you!! ”


 The screams of the devil soul within the sword grew even more agonizing and then, after one final roar filled with despair, it sank into complete silence. The devil’s eyes that had been struggling within the hilt of the sword, had completely closed as well.


 An abnormal black miasma suddenly surged from Xuanyuan Wentian’s body. His entire body was clearly covered in heavy injuries and his profound strength was weakened, yet the dark devil’s aura on his body was intensely rising at an extremely abnormal rate.


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s eyes slowly opened at this moment, a pair of indescribably deep, dark light beams shot towards Yun Che... as if the eyes of a devil that had been asleep for countless years had suddenly opened.


 “...” Yun Che’s expression heavily sank, the two hands he were holding onto the Heaven Smiting Devil Slayer Sword with slowly tightened as he said with a low voice. “Xuanyuan Wentian, as I expected, you have already gone mad.”


 What Xuanyuan Wentian did earlier, was clearly forcefully devouring the devil soul within the Eternal Night Devil Sword!


 By devouring the soul of a primordial devil, the devil blood and devil soul within his body achieved a perfect fusion in its truest sense, allowing his dark profound energy to surge for a short period of time. However, this sort of state evidently could only be maintained for an extremely short period of time. After that, following after the gradual disappearance of the devil soul within his body, Xuanyuan Wentian’s profound energy would forever be broken off from the divine way and his lifespan would also be shortened by an extreme degree.


 If severing his future prospects and his lifespan were costs to forcefully obtaining the power of the devil blood were considered as draining the pond to catch a fish, then, his present actions, were akin to killing the goose that laid the golden eggs in his madness!


 “No one... can defeat this sovereign... No one!!”


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s entire being was enveloped in dense black light, the only thing that could be seen from his entire body were a pair of devil-like eyes.


 Boom!


 Boom!


 Boom!


 Xuanyuan Wentian stepped forward. Due to heavy injuries, his body was a little shaky but his every step would cause intense quakes in the ocean depths, as if a true devil god was closing in.


 Yun Che slowly raised his two arms, the vermillion and pitch-black glows on the Heaven Smiting Sword circulated chaotically. He sensed a never-before-seen terrifying pressure... A terrifying might that was close to a twofold increase of Xuanyuan Wentian’s at his previous peak condition!


 “Yun Che... This sovereign shall... shred your corpse into tens of thousands of pieces!!”


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s voice had already turned as coarse as sandpaper. His every word carried incomparable agony and hatred. When his feet stopped, the surrounding ocean water was annihilated and quickly disappeared. Before he had even lifted his finger, an incomparably terrifying vacuum zone had already appeared in Xuanyuan Wentian’s surroundings.


 “GUAHHHH!!”


 As Xuanyuan Wentian roared out, the Eternal Night Devil Sword which had had its devil soul devoured, carried the might and hatred that originated from the nine hells, as it smashed towards Yun Che.


 Before the sword aura had even closed in, Yun Che was already absolutely certain that the present him was definitely unable to take on this strike. If he were to take it on through brute force, he would definitely suffer heavy repercussions.


 Yun Che’s feet quickly stepped back and he disappeared the exact moment that pitch-black devil sword smashed its way towards him.


 Bang!


 The Eternal Night Devil Sword smashed Yun Che’s afterimage apart and several hundreds of meters of bedrock beneath it were all lifted up. An enormous fissure madly tore through the ocean depths, stretching into the unknown.


 Yun Che appeared one hundred and fifty meters away but was still ruthlessly swept into a somersault by the shockwave. His expression sank. Swinging out his left arm, the blue-colored Profound Handle materialized into a sharp sword and it stabbed straight towards Xuanyuan Wentian’s close to “eye-piercing” dark eyes.


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s dark profound energy had expanded but because of the heavy injuries on his body, his movements were especially slow and made with great difficulty. The moment he retracted the Eternal Night Devil Sword, his eyes had already been stabbed by the Profound Handle.


 “AAAAHHHH!!”


 Xuanyuan Wentian released a tragic roar like a wild beast, his right hand firmly held onto his eyes. On the other hand, right at this moment, Yun Che had already charged over like lightning, his eyes emitting a pitch-black peripheral light that was even fiercer than Xuanyuan Wentian’s.


 “The one who’s going to die... is you!!”


 “Rumbling Heaven!!”


 The profound light on Yun Che’s body erupted, his profound aura instantly expanded... and the degree of its expansion had even far surpassed Xuanyuan Wentian who had forcefully devoured the devil soul.


 “UWAGHHH! This sovereign will kill you! Kill you!!” Sensing Yun Che approaching, Xuanyuan Wentian madly screamed out as the Eternal Night Devil Sword smashed towards Yun Che again while swirling up the aura of a devil god that could even shake the blue ocean.


 “Destroying Sky Decimating Earth!!”


 This time, Yun Che did not choose to retreat. Carrying the extreme power of the forcefully opened “Rumbling Heaven,” the Heaven Smiting Devil Sword smashed towards Xuanyuan Wentian.


 Everything within several dozens of kilometers, no matter the ocean water or the bedrock, all of it had disappeared without a trace, turning into complete nothingness. At that one moment, there were more than several hundred black holes of different sizes flickering at the same time.


 Amidst the loud reverberations that could seemingly overturn the ocean, Yun Che’s arms swirled with blood while Xuanyuan Wentian’s entire body was already splattered with pitch-black blood. His right arm had instantly shattered into dust and the Eternal Night Devil Sword was sent flying far away like a stone which had been struck by a meteorite.


 Yun Che’s expression had turned even more ferocious than a devil. Not caring in the least about the injuries nor the energy and blood that was rumbling chaotically all around his body, he channeled the remaining energy from his profound veins and the devil origin orb. Carrying all of his hatred and killing intent, he pierced the Heaven Smiting Devil Slayer Sword towards Xuanyuan Wentian.


 The vermillion sword beam turned into a meteorite amidst the darkness, piercing into Xuanyuan Wentian’s body... And then, with its force carrying Yun Che along, it penetrated right through!”


 “Ah... Ah... Aahh... Aaah...”


 Blood poured out from Xuanyuan Wentian’s right eye and his glaring left eye which was filled with streaks of blood was already at the verge of exploding. Slowly, he lowered his head and looked towards his own body. His sight however, did not make contact with his chest but had landed on the darkness behind, through an immensely huge hole.


 A large hole close to thirty centimeters in width appeared in his body. His organs and profound veins had all been completely destroyed. The once undefeatable “devil physique,” had turned into a bag of blood with a large hole torn through it, as crimson black blood rushed out.


 “Uug...” Yun Che who had penetrated through Xuanyuan Wentian, had a complexion as pale as paper. He knelt onto the ground and had only managed to catch his breath after several breaths of time. A frailty he never once had before filled his entire body and his hands could no longer even raise the Heaven Smiting Devil Slayer Sword.


 With his current physique, though the consequences of forcefully opening “Rumbling Heaven” were not as miserable as in the past, it was still hard to bear. Furthermore, he had even forcefully opened Rumbling Heaven twice against Xuanyuan Wentian and the endurance of his body had already reached its limits. The energy of the devil origin orb had also completely depleted with his final strike. Only within his profound veins, were there still small amounts of energy left.


 Turning around with great difficulty, he looked at Xuanyuan Wentian whose body had a huge hole smashed into it by him and he refreshingly laughed out loud. “Ha... Hahahaha... Hahahahaha! Xuanyuan Wentian... This is... the end of your road! Cough cough...”


 His loud laughter ruthlessly stirred the injuries all around his body. As he rubbed off the fresh blood from the corner of his lips, his face still wore a proud and arrogant smile.


 “Ah... Ah... Im.. Impossi... ble... How... can... this sovereign...”


 Whoosh!!


 The surrounding ocean water poured in, once again filling up the place that was annihilated into a vacuum zone by the powers of the two people.


 The ocean water swirled up Xuanyuan Wentian’s black blood and his strength was also quickly disappearing with the loss of his blood. His body which had lost its strength could no longer resist the heavy pressure beneath the blue ocean and he began to gradually twist and deform.


 Incomparable fear could be seen within Xuanyuan Wentian’s widened eyes as he sensed his own power quickly flowing away. A terrifyingly hoarse voice emitted out from his mouth...


 “No... This sovereign’s power... This sovereign’s power... No... No... No... NO!!!”


 “This... This can’t be true... This sovereign’s power... This sovereign’s power...”


 His remaining arm wildly flailed about in the water, as if he was trying to capture the power that was quickly flowing away back into his own body. However, what came in exchange for his struggles and terrified roars were still the heartless vanishes of his life and and power.


 “Ahh... NO! This sovereign’s power... Come back... COME BACK!! This sovereign doesn’t want to become trash... Come back... COME BAAACK... WUAAAHHH...”


 His struggles, his roars, in the end, had actually turned into an agonized cry of despair and powerlessness. His body, which was quickly losing its strength, had already been twisted into an extremely terrifying shape under the water pressure.


 Yun Che panted heavily as he used the water elements to slowly restore his own vitality and profound strength. Looking at Xuanyuan Wentian’s miserable state, the refreshingness in his heart receded and few hints of pity had even surfaced.


 In his entire lifetime, he had been in a desperate pursuit for power. For that goal, his entire life was filled with schemes and he spent his entire life using all possible means to accomplish it. Finally, he used a thousand years to obtain his wish but on the very first day he became the “Heavenly Sovereign,” he was sent into hell.


 To him, losing power, was undoubtedly the most brutal torture in the world.


 “This sovereign’s power... This sovereign is... the overlord under the heavens... Why... Wh...y...”


 Even when his entire body had already been tattered and twisted to the point where not a single feature of a human remained, he was still unwilling to die off as he roared out in despair...


 “Why? Because of your own desires, you were willing to use anything in your disposal. You did all those evil deeds, killed so many innocent people, and destroyed the lives of so many people... Even if I don’t kill you today, there will still come a day, where you will be judged by heaven’s law!!”


 After Yun Che roared out, his palm suddenly stretched out. A mass of flames pierced through the ocean water and smashed onto Xuanyuan Wentian’s damaged body.


 Bang!!
Unearth this data, retracing it to the very heart of Nøv€lß¡n★

 This mass of flames was not intense and it could not possibly burn even a single strand of hair of the previous Xuanyuan Wentian. However, to the present Xuanyuan Wentian, it was the flames of annihilation. Amidst the explosive fiery light, Xuanyuan Wentian emitted his final scream of unwillingness, before quickly disappearing within the flames.


 He was then completely burnt into pitch-black ash and was scattered everywhere by the turbulent ocean water.


 In his lifetime, he might have lived several days that could be said to have challenged the heavens. However, before he could even have the time to truly enjoy the results he exhausted his lifetime to obtain, he was already reduced into ashes.


 “Whoosh!!”


 Yun Che took in a deep breath, his entire body powerlessly floating in the ocean water. It was as if he no longer even had the energy to balance his body.


 “Truthfully, what qualifications do I have to speak of Xuanyuan Wentian’s evil deeds... The number of innocent people who died at my hands... is still countless times more than at his... Heh. Probably, the ones who should truly be judged by heaven’s law... are people like me.”


 Yun Che laughed self-mockingly. Then, he closed his eyes and lightly said. “Jasmine, do you see this? I won. I defeated Xuanyuan Wentian. Without you by my side, I’m finally able to defeat a powerful enemy as well... If you see this... Heh... Will you be willing to praise me a little...”


 Jasmine’s usual cold and stern look surfaced in his mind. He could not help but laugh and within the warmth of his laughter carried a hint of bitterness. When he opened his eyes, the figure of an old man appeared before him.


 “Grandfather, I finally... exacted revenge for you with my own hands... You must find peace and happiness in heaven.”

