

Chapter 1034 - The Four Great King Realms

  

 "As the Realm King of a King Realm who had experienced something so scandalous, he would normally wait from anywhere between several thousand years to ten thousand years before again bringing up the matter of taking someone as his wife. Even if he does plan to get married, he would absolutely not hold the marriage ceremony on such a grand scale. Otherwise, it would be as good as exposing his old scars and proactively making others recall his scandal from the past."


 "But, only thirty-odd years have passed since his ‘grand marriage’. Quite possibly, people haven’t forgotten the slightest bit about the incident. That’s why, it seems odd for the Moon God Realm to send wedding invitation cards once again."


 Mu Xuanyin took back the black jade from Yun Che’s hand, "Che’er, can you guess the reason?"


 Yun Che answered straight away, without even pausing to think, "Speaking from a man’s point of view, the Moon God Realm King should be doing so because of finding an extremely extraordinary woman. Someone who can help him wash away the humiliation from before."


 "Back then, when the Moon God Realm sent invitation cards, it was limited to King Realms and upper star realms. But this time, even we, from a middle star realm, have received the invitation card," Mu Xuanyin said indifferently.


 "..." Yun Che thought for a bit before revealing a surprised expression, "Could it be that the woman he is going to marry this time... possesses such comprehensive aspect that far surpasses even Yue Wugou, who had the Divine Stainless Body!?"


 Therefore, he was preparing more than the last time to let everyone know that... it was actually fortuitous for him to have not taken Yue Wugou as his wife!


 "That could be the sole reason," Mu Xuanyin said as she put away the black jade. "Master really wants to know what kind of extraordinary woman she is to make the Moon God Realm King, who has experienced such a shame in the past, want to flaunt and announce his marriage like this. However, it seems that the Moon God Realm King is acting wisely this time, as we never heard anything about him marrying again before receiving the invitation card. They didn’t even mention the name of the woman on the card."


 Yun Che thought inwardly: Of course, he will! Previously, due to him arrogantly showing off his future wife, Yue Wugou ended up being targeted by someone else. Eventually, not only did he not obtain the Divine Stainless Body but was also cuckolded, which became his disgrace of a lifetime. Now that he has found a woman that can make it possible for him to regain his reputation, he’d naturally not let the same thing repeat itself. He would certainly not disclose her identity but also make all efforts to keep it hidden."


 If the Moon God Realm King carries out the preparations carefully, others would only know who the woman is on the day of the grand marriage.


 "Considering how the Divine Stainless Body appeared after a period of a whole hundred and fifty thousand years and could make even someone as great as the Moon God Realm King go wild with joy, disciple thought that it should be the most top-notch existence in the God Realm. Who would’ve thought that there still existed a divine body that has more astonishing talent than the Divine Stainless Body," Yun Che said in amazement. His eyes looking at Mu Xuanyin contained the desire for her to tell him about it.


 However, Mu Xuanyin slowly shook her head as she knitted her brows a bit, "The Divine Stainless Body is definitely the physique with the most top-notch talent in the God Realm. Master has also never heard of a physique that can surpass the Divine Stainless Body in talent. There is almost no physique that even possesses the same level of talent as it. After all, the Divine Stainless Body is a physique formed by the blessing of the highest-tiered power in the Primal Chaos—primordial energy."


 "Then, could it be that the woman excels in other aspects, such as strength and position...?"


 Halfway through his words, Yun Che himself denied the possibility. No matter whether it was strength or position, the Moon God Realm King was already at the zenith of the God Realm. There was no woman in the world, who deserved to claim that it was her "marrying him."


 Mu Xuanyin had a cold and desolate look on her face as she was also feeling doubtful in her heart. Suddenly, her eyes faintly stirred, as if she had thought of something.


 Heart of Snow Glazed Glass!?


 Before long, she completely dispelled the thought from her mind... That was absolutely impossible! The Heart of Snow Glazed Glass was so rare that it was difficult to appear once in a million years, even in the Era of Gods. That late ancestor who created the Eternal Heaven God Realm, should be the greatest miracle ever bestowed by the heavens. It was basically impossible for such a miracle to appear again and the name of Heart of Snow Glazed Glass now only existed in ancient records and memories.


 "Though the details are unknown, we’ll naturally find out the truth thirty months from now. More importantly, that Yue Wugou will certainly lose her life soon. Even the identity and location of that man and their children might get revealed. There is no doubt that they will have an incomparably tragic end," Mu Xuanyin said in a cold tone.


 Yun Che was startled for a moment but he at once understood the meaning of her words, "Master means that... her soul will get searched forcibly!?"


 "To search the soul of a practitioner at the Divine Soul Realm is a lot more difficult than an ordinary person and the result would be equally cruel. Even if the Moon God Realm King personally searches her soul forcibly, the chances of success are less than thirty percent. Regardless of the outcome, whether he succeeds or fails, Yue Wugou will certainly not escape death. He might have spared her life thinking of his previous affection towards her but after deciding to take another woman as his wife, there is no reason left to keep her alive. Hmph! If Yue Wugou were to get the information in advance, she would likely choose to sever her own life. It is also possible that... she might have already done so."


 "..." Yun Che sighed inwardly. With his understanding towards women, he believed that Yue Wugou was still alive—even if she knew that it was impossible for her to see the light of day again and even more so that man and their children. She might fully understand that her staying alive would only increase the risk for them but her feelings of concern for that man and their children, that exist at the softest part in the depths of her heart, would make her unable to give up on life. She would instinctively and uncontrollably hope for a miracle to happen and be able to reunite with them.


 Even if she knew very well that it was an extravagant hope.


 After all, a trace of her deep feelings could be seen by how she was willing to die rather than to reveal the man to the Moon God Realm King.


 "Anyways, such a matter is totally unrelated to us." Mu Xuanyin changed her tone. "Master spoke of these matters to you in order to let you understand the current political situation of the Eastern Divine Region. The scandal didn’t just make the Moon God Realm King into a laughingstock, the greatest impact of the incident was actually on the relationship between the Moon God Realm and the Star God Realm. The old foes had become arch-enemies due to the scandal. They have already fought hard no less than ten times openly and countless times secretly, in the short period of thirty-odd years. If not for the Eternal Heaven God Realm regularly stepping in to stop the two parties and make peace between them, the Eastern Divine Region would have likely experienced the greatest disaster ever by now. However, if things go on like this, there will come a day when the situation will fully go out of control."


 The Star God Realm and Moon God Realm weren’t ordinary star realms but the most powerful King Realms! If the bitter fight between the two great King Realms were to truly reach the extent of going out of control, it would be far more than a disaster to the Eastern Divine Region!


 Yun Che frowned at the thought... He would not be concerned if some other star realms were doing this and that but the Star God Realm was the place where Jasmine was.


 "Why do the Star God Realm and Moon God Realm have such a grudge between them...? Is their situation similar to our Snow Song Realm and the Flame God Realm?" Yun Che asked.


 "Of course, not," Mu Xuanyin replied. "In fact, there was never too big of a grudge between our realms. The biggest reason behind our hostile attitude towards each other is the opposing attributes of ice and fire. That’s why we instinctively feel a sense of rejection. In addition, since the two realms are adjacent, it was inevitable for there to be a continuous friction between us. But despite it all, we have never gone overboard. My accidental injuring of Huo Rulie’s son a thousand years ago and then his plotting against Bingyun to take revenge could be considered the biggest conflict between the two realms in recent years."


 "The grudge between the Star God Realm and Moon God Realm has existed since the creation of the two realms. The founder ancestors of the two realms harbored ill feelings against each other and so the grudge was “inherited” and passed on to the later generations. At some point in time later, the hostility between them grew to such an extent that they stopped caring about the so-called grudge or its reason and it instead became a custom that is passed on generation after generation."


 Yun Che nodded. He could completely understand the point.


 A lot of times, grudges continue for generations not because of the original grudge itself but due it becoming a kind of custom. To put it in plain words, neither of the two sides would be willing to take the initiative to seek reconciliation, for the sake of their self-esteem and dignity.


 "Although the two realms were hostile to each other, given their identity as the incomparably powerful King Realms, it was obviously impossible for them to tear into each other. Otherwise, it would only lead to the defeat and suffering of both sides. But that scandal from over thirty years ago crossed the bottom line of the Moon God Realm King. Consequently, the status quo between the two realms was shaken, after a period of as long as several hundred thousand years. They have been fighting unprecedentedly tragic battles since then. If not for the interference of the Eternal Heaven God Realm, the whole situation would have definitely gotten even worse, so much so that it would be too ghastly to contemplate."


 "Speaking of which," Mu Xuanyin suddenly looked at Yun Che, "The mother of the Heavenly Slaughter Star God you are looking for, died at the hands of the Moon God Realm!"


 "What?" Yun Che was taken aback.


 Yun Che was aware that Jasmine’s mother was dead. She had showed great hatred when the matter was brought up accidentally. At the same time, she also mentioned... “that person."


 That person... Don’t tell me she was referring to the Moon God Realm King?


 But that was unlikely... as she had never mentioned the Moon God Realm in all the years she had been by his side.


 Once she mentioned something related to the Heavenly Slaughter God, Yun Che had a particularly intense reaction. Mu Xuanyin shifted her gaze from him as she said in a cold voice, "The mother of the Heavenly Slaughter Star God has given birth to a total of two children. The other child also inherited the power of a Star God and was titled the Heavenly Wolf Star God. At the time it was rumored that after she fell into the hands of the Moon God Realm, the Realm King didn’t have the intention to kill her and instead wanted to hand over her in exchange for a precious artifact from the Star God Realm. But, the Star God Realm King outright rejected him."


 Yun Che, "!!"


 "Afterwards, the Heavenly Wolf Star God forced his way through the Moon God Realm to rescue his mother. In that battle, the Heavenly Wolf Star God single-handedly slaughtered three great Divine Masters, twenty Divine Sovereigns and countless other practitioners of lower cultivation levels. He also severely injured two Moon Gods and thoroughly destroyed a star region of the Moon God Realm..."


 Yun Che was slack-jawed and flabbergasted.


 "Later, his mother severed her life vein and died so as to not let him lose his life in the Moon God Realm. The Heavenly Wolf Star God cried in pain to see such an outcome and in the end, he didn’t advance rashly any further, successfully managing to flee from the Moon God Realm."


 "Although the Heavenly Wolf Star God failed to save his mother, his name shook the entire God Realm after the battle. The might of his name even surpassed that of the Moon God Realm King at one point but no one thought that he would be the first Star God to die."


 "..." Yun Che was startled when he listened up to here. The feelings and emotions in his heart were surging ceaselessly.


 Her mother lost her life in the Moon God Realm, her father did nothing to save her, and her elder brother also died after that...


 Is this why Jasmine hates her father so much...?


 Is this why she didn’t hesitate in going as far as the Southern Divine Region in her thirst for power, to find the inheritance of Evil God...? Consequently, helping me to obtain it instead.


 "Back then, the "fall” of Heavenly Slaughter Star God had also caused a sensation for some time. It was rumored that she was conspired against due to the Moon God Realm’s manipulation from behind the scenes... and, it was only the Moon God Realm that could have done so."


 Jasmine’s fragmentary words replayed in Yun Che’s mind. Soon after, a doubt surfaced in his heart—in that case, why did she never say anything about the Moon God Realm?


 Instead... at that one time when she displayed the most fearsome hatred, the one she mentioned was actually a woman.


 It seems the whole thing was far more complicated than what was known by outsiders... Just that, given how weak I am, it’s simply impossible for me to share even the slightest bit of her burden.


 "The Profound God Convention this time is going to be jointly held by the Brahma Monarch God Realm, the Eternal Heaven God Realm, the Moon God Realm, and the Star God Realm. Since the names of the Moon God Realm and the Star God Realm have appeared for the same event, it clearly explains that the two realms will have to temporarily put aside their grudges to prepare for and carry out the convention. It goes without saying that Eternal Heaven God Realm was the one that facilitated such a setup."


 "The overall strength of Eternal Heaven God Realm may be lower than the Brahma Monarch God Realm but it is the leader of the Eastern Divine Region when it comes to prestige. It is a King Realm known for being impartial, benevolent, and upright and hence, receives the respect of the myriad worlds.”


 Yun Che slightly nodded his head. The Eternal Heaven God Realm didn’t hesitate to use all the power of the Eternal Heaven Pearl to carry out the Profound God Convention, for the genius profound practitioners from other realms. This point was enough to display the uprightness and selflessness of the Eternal Heaven God Realm.


 Otherwise, how would the Eternal Heaven Pearl acknowledge them as its owner—its first owner was Xi Ke, the Creation God, after all. Since he was a Creation God, he was naturally a righteous god.


 Unlike himself... as the Sky Poison Pearl was a thing of the Devil Realm in the Ancient Era.


 "And the Brahma Monarch God Realm—as the leader of King Realms in the Eastern Divine Region, never interferes with any other realm. The profound practitioners of the Brahma Monarch God Realm, from the Realm King at the top to the commoners at the bottom, all inherently possess an extremely strong obsession to pursue the profound way. They practically go insane to fulfill this desire. Furthermore, since the people of the Brahma Monarch God Realm have practised in such a frenzied manner for generations, not a single weak person can be found in the entire realm. Any one of the inhabitants is strong enough to be the commanding person of a place in other realms. You definitely can’t imagine the terror of having a realm filled with such people."


 "This is precisely the biggest reason that the Brahma Monarch God Realm has always remained at the top of the Eastern Divine Region and has never weakened since time immemorial."


 No one was weak in the Brahma Monarch, the Eternal Heaven was most upright and there was enmity between the Star God and Moon God Realm that has become full-blown in recent years... Yun Che firmly remembered the information in his heart—though he was not aware of Mu Xuanyin’s intention behind telling all this to him. After all, with his insignificant strength at the moment, a level such as a King Realm was too much of an indiscernible and distant thing to him.


 "If you’re interested in the history of the Eastern Divine Region, you can go yourself and leaf through the sacred scriptures in the Sacred Hall... But keep in mind that you only have today to do so."


 As Yun Che was feeling astonished, the pale-white sky seemed to have sunk down and the air around him turned into a condensed state. Mu Xuanyin’s gaze full upon him as she said in an almost soul-piercing voice, "Because from tomorrow until the beginning of the Profound God Convention, you will be living every day in hell!"
Unearth this data, retracing it to the very heart of Nøv€lß¡n★

 _______


 alyschu:


 Some terms have been changed in this chapter that will be revised in the previous chapters when we get the time:


 Heaven Slaughter Star God -> Heavenly Slaughter Star God


 Sky Wolf Star God -> Heavenly Wolf Star God

