

Chapter 801 - Xiao Yun!?

  

 More than five hundred Monarchs and six thousand Overlords poured out their full power at the same time. This scene was something that had never been seen before in the Profound Sky Continent. The profound light that exploded outwards was more than enough to blanket the surrounding fifty kilometers in pure white.


 As this heaven-shaking power poured into it, the Boundless Universe Formation seemed to be like a fierce beast that had just been roused from slumber. It suddenly released a profound light that covered the heavens as it began to rotate crazily.


 “What a powerful profound formation!”


 Yun Che’s eyes had been forced shut by the glaring light. The combined powers of more than five hundred Monarchs and six thousand Overlords was enough to render hundreds of kilometers of land completely desolate. He had originally wondered whether the Overlords and low level Monarchs would encounter difficulties because of this but to his surprise, this huge amount of power was being nearly perfectly absorbed by the Boundless Universe Formation. Even Yun Che, who was extremely close to the action, did not feel too big an impact. The Sea God Arena below them also merely continued to shake, it did not look like it was being broken apart or fractured.


 “The Four Great Sacred Grounds had to combine their might and prepare for six months before this profound formation was ready. So it is naturally nothing ordinary. Otherwise, the Sovereign of the Seas would not feel at ease to hold the Devil Sword Conference at this venue.” Xia Yuanba explained in a solemn voice.


 However it was clear that no matter how powerful this Boundless Universe Formation was, there were still limits to the amount of power it could endure. All of the participants continued pouring out their power for three short breaths before the light of the Boundless Universe Formation finally reached its peak and the Sea God Arena began rumbling in an ominous fashion. At this time, Xuanyuan Wentian gave a loud roar, “Withdraw! Everyone, fall back!!”


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s profound strength was extremely robust and strong so his voice sounded in a everyone’s ear like a clap of thunder. All of the energy was withdrawn at nearly the same time as all the participants scattered in every direction at the fastest speed possible.


 The Boundless Universe Formation was rotating at an extreme speed as the light it released pierced through the skies.


 In the end, the energy within the formation began to concentrate on the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword in the center as the profound formation continued to spin at a rapid speed!


 BOOOOOM————————


 CLAAANG!!!!!!


 A huge sound that could capsize the heavens and the earth rang out as a white light pierced the heavens. From afar, it seemed as if a gigantic sword of light had pierced the boundless void above. Amidst all this, everyone present could also hear shrill keening noises that threatened to rupture their eardrums.


 The Boundless Universe Formation that the Four Great Sacred Grounds had spent much blood, sweat and tears on collapsed in this instant. The Sea God Arena was also shaking so crazily that it had began to fracture. Even though it did not collapse, just the last few seconds of intense shaking had caused thousands of cracks to appear all over it.


 Even the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword, that had been at the center of the Sea God Arena, had disappeared as well.


 The Four Sacred Masters had retreated to their own respective corners of the Sea God Arena. They did not pay any attention to the dispersing profound formation or the crumbling Sea God Arena. They merely raised their heads and stared intently at the sky, their expressions grave and cold.


 All those who were present followed the gazes of the Four Sacred Masters as they looked to the heavens as well.


 The Heavenly Sin Divine Sword had actually been shot thousands of meters in the air by that beam of profound light that had contained all of their energies! Following the dissipation of that profound light in the sky, the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword was finally falling to earth from that insane height.


 The entire Supreme Ocean Palace was deathly quiet. Everyone had tense and nervous expressions on their faces as they awaited the final result of their efforts.


 Even though the sky remained dark, it was no longer pitch-black. Amidst the gloomy and muffled atmosphere, only one sharp and shrill sound could be heard in the distance.


 Fen Juechen, who had been sitting as still as a statue, finally sprang to life. He stared at the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword that was plummeting from above as he tightly clenched his fists and his eyes that had been stained with black energy began emitting a crazy light.


 Yun Che instantly noticed his movements and swiftly sent a sound transmission to him, “Fen Juechen, do you want to die!?”


 Yun Che’s words caused Fen Juechen’s tensed body to stiffen. He turned his face towards Yun Che and asked in an angry voice, “Why do you care!?”


 “You had to endure such torture and pain to obtain the power that you have right now.... Was it all for you to simply die a meaningless death here?” Yun Che asked in a serious tone, “Let us not even discuss the fact that there are so many people present. Even with one Xuanyuan Wentian alone, you can forget about even thinking about stealing that Heavenly Sin Divine Sword! This action will only expose you completely!”
Ñøv€lRapture marked the initial hosting of this chapter on Ñôv€lß¡n.

 “Shut up! You don’t have the right to meddle in my affairs!” Fen Juechen’s chest rose and fell heavily as tendrils of black energy began leaking out from the middle of his clenched fists. However and perhaps it was because Yun Che’s warning had reached him, he began to slowly sit back down as he gritted his teeth that they nearly broke. Only his body continued to shake unabated as he used his enormous willpower to restrain himself.


 Thunk!!


 The Heavenly Sin Divine Sword sharply whistled through the air as it plummeted downwards. It finally fell to the ground, sinking blade first into the Sea God Arena. Its position was still in the very center of the Sea God Arena; it had not moved a fraction.


 By all appearances, there had been no chance wrought to the entire sword. It still exuded a heavy and lifeless aura and no energy poured forth from it.


 The heroes of the Profound Sky Continent who had scattered around the Sea God Arena looked at each other in dismay. However it was at this moment that the Four Sacred Masters moved forward at the same time, completely surrounding the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword.


 In the sky above, the black scar that had obscured all the light slowly began to retreat as a corner of the blazing sun was revealed to them. The sky began shining more and more brightly, illuminating the earth once more, dispelling the heavy darkness,


 “It looks like we’ve succeeded.” Huangji Wuyu said in a calm voice as he looked at the silent and still Heavenly Sin Divine Sword.


 “Indeed, the seal has been broken.” Sovereign of the Seas Qu Fengyi said as she gave a faint nod of her head.


 Even though their voices were soft, everyone present could hear their words clearly. But they did not understand one thing. This Devil Sword Conference, which shook the entire profound world of the Profound Sky Continent, had only one aim and that was to break the seal on the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword. But now that the seal had been broken, there was no joy to be seen on the faces of the Four Sacred Masters, nor did their words contain any elation.


 “It looks like this event has been in vain.” Xia Yuanba whispered to Yun Che, his expression gleeful as he gloried in his schadenfreude. If the Saint Emperor and the Sovereign of the Seas had both said that the seal had been broken, then the seal had definitely been broken. But the unsealed Heavenly Sin Divine Sword remained still and lifeless, it did not look any different than it had before... This also signified that this was basically a dead sword and it did not contain the “secrets of the Divine Profound” as they had hypothesized.


 “Brother Huangji, why don’t you inspect the blade first.” Xuanyuan Wentian said as he raised his hand.


 Huangji Wuyu replied, “The Boundless Universe Formation was not set up by my Absolute Monarch Sanctuary alone. To ensure absolute fairness and impartiality, I suggest that the four of us undertake this task together instead.”


 “An excellent suggestion!” Ye Meixie and Qu Fengyi said in unison as they nodded their heads.


 The Four Sacred Masters strode forward as one. They stretched out their hands and touched a different part of the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword. Four threads of profound energy that came from the strongest individuals in the Profound Sky Continent surged into the blade as they probed every nook and cranny of the sword.


 After a split second, all four of them withdrew their hands and sighed in unison.


 “It looks like this has all been for nothing.” Huangji Wuyu said as he folded his hands behind his back, no emotions coloring his face.


 “It doesn’t matter. I had originally suspected that this would be the case. I just find it a pity.” Qu Fengyi said indifferently.


 “To think that such an unprecedentedly strong seal was only sealing away a dead blade. My only regret is that we wasted so much effort and resources to prepare for this.” Ye Meixie was not as calm and indifferent as Huangji Wuyu and Qu Fengyi, as a sullen fury briefly appeared on his face.


 He turned to face Xuanyuan Wentian, “Sword Master Xuanyuan, you had made a solemn vow to us that day, guaranteeing that the devil sword was definitely hiding a grand secret. You said that even if it was not the secret behind the Divine Profound, we would still reap a rich harvest. But today, the only thing we have to show for our efforts is a useless scrap of metal! Don’t you think that you should account for this to us and to the profound practitioners who made their way over from the distant Seven Nations!?”


 After Ye Meixie had said those words, both Huangji Wuyu and Qu Fengyi looked towards Xuanyuan Wentian at the same time. Even though their expressions and eyes remained calm and tranquil, they did not attempt to ease the tension caused by Ye Meixie’s words. It was clear that their hearts were also filled with fury as well... If Xuanyuan Wentian had not solemnly vowed and made such a guarantee, they would not have been willing to waste such a large amount of time, effort and resources to prepare for this Devil Sword Conference.


 Even though they had paid a huge price, they would still be able to accept it if they did not uncover the secrets of the Divine Profound after the seal had been broken. But if all of this effort amounted to absolutely nothing and the only thing that they unsealed was a dead sword, it was as if they had staked all their effort on a wasted shot in the dark... Even if they were the masters of a Sacred Ground, they would still be unable to simply accept it at that.


 They had not restrained their voices at all, so everyone present had heard every single word. They also now knew that this gathering that had shaken the Profound Sky Continent, mobilizing all the experts of the Four Great Sacred Grounds and gathering all the most powerful profound practitioners from the continent had, in the end, amounted to absolutely nothing...


 In other words, it was simply a huge joke at this point!


 Xuanyuan Wentian raised his head to the sky and closed his eyes as he gave a long sigh, “This outcome was the one that I had least expected and it leaves me filled with immeasurable shame. The three of you had also personally witnessed the strange transformation that had been wrought in the Eternal Night King Ye Mufeng. So after I obtained the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword, I was absolutely certain that it was hiding an incredible secret. But as it turns out, it seems like I was far too naive.”


 “Perhaps the change that had occurred in Ye Mufeng had not been wrought by the Heavenly SIn Divine Sword. Or perhaps the secret contained within the Heavenly Sin Divine Sword had already been destroyed by the seal a thousand years past... After all, the three of you have personally witnessed how fearsome this seal is.”


 Xuanyuan Wentian sighted once more before opening his eyes and he continued with the most earnest and sincere expression on his face, “Ah, no matter the reason, what happened today resulted from my own misjudgement, so I will definitely have to account to the three of you... How about this? Within thirty days, I, Xuanyuan Wentian, will personally visit the doors of Absolute Monarch Sanctuary, Supreme Ocean Palace and Sun Moon Divine Hall to deliver five kilograms of Purple Veined Divine Crystal as recompense for today’s events.”


 Sssss...


 The words “five kilograms of Purple Veined Divine Crystal” caused all of the powers of the Seven Nations to stare blankly with their mouths gaping open. They quietly sucked in cold breaths and even the members of the Four Great Sacred Grounds were silently shocked by this grandiose gesture.


 “Lord Sword Master, this...” Several elders of the Mighty Heavenly Sword Region went pale as they wanted to step forward to provide their counsel. If they gave every Sacred Ground five kilograms of Divine Crystal, it would add up to fifteen kilograms altogether.... Even though this was recompense, it was still too heavy a price.


 Xunayuan Wendao swiftly flew forward to restrain them as he shook his head and said in a low voice, “Everyone wasted such a large amount of resources but it ended up being for nothing. Father is extremely disappointed and he must also be extremely guilty about what happened today. So let’s act according to Father’s wishes, if you want to say anything, do it when we have returned to Mighty Heavenly Sword Region.”


 “Since Sword Master Xuanyuan has displayed such sincerity, then we shall let bygones be bygones. Let’s just treat it as a grand event that gathered the crust of the Profound Sky Continent’s profound world. This in and of itself is an extremely rare event.” Ye Meixie gave a placid smile, as if he was extremely satisfied with this result.


 The result of this Devil Sword Conference was the still and lifeless devil sword, this had been demonstrated by its appearance and the words of the Four Sacred Masters themselves. Everyone looked at each other with dismay. Some were whispering among themselves, some seemed disappointed and the rest seemed indifferent to the result... Only Yun Che’s expression was growing more and more dark and heavy.


 Something was wrong!


 The disappointment displayed by Huangji Wuyu, Qu Fengyi and Ye Meixie was genuine.


 But Xuanyuan Wentian’s disappointment was clearly a facade!


 Because in that instant... his eyes had clearly glowed with satisfaction!!


 Just what was going on? What was he planning? What was the true motive for his organizing of this Devil Sword Conference?


 A triumphant look had clearly flashed through his eyes in that instant... But where exactly did that triumph lie?


 Yun Che’s brows furrowed as he gritted his teeth... If Jasmine were here, she would definitely be able to give him an answer, but it just had to be...


 Xuanyuan Wentian turned around and spoke to all of the profound practitioners around, “My friends from the Sacred Grounds and the Seven Nations. This Devil Sword Conference was originally for the sake of obtaining the secret of the devil sword, which was to be shared with all of you in order to bless the profound world of our Profound Sky Continent. Who would have thought that we would gain absolutely nothing after the seal of the devil sword had been broken. I, Xuanyuan Wentian, have truly done wrong to all of you have gathered here from afar.”


 It was natural that no one dared to speak when Sword Master Xuanyuan was speaking. Everyone who was present, especially the profound practitioners from the Profound Sky Seven Nations, were extremely stunned... The exalted and unrivalled Sword Master of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region was actually such a humble and unassuming person, who had no airs about him. To think that he would actually apologize to them with an expression filled with guilt and shame!?


 “...” Yun Che softly sucked in a breath of air, his heart ill at ease.


 “However.” Xuanyuan Wentian’s tone suddenly changed as an enigmatic smile appeared on his face, “I, Xuanyuan Wentian, am in the end the master of a Sacred Ground, so how can I let everyone leave empty-handed!? Since the Devil Sword Conference came to nothing in the end, then let me put on an extremely marvelous show for the rest of you, so I can appease the anger in your heart in some way or form.”


 “A show?” Huangji Wuyu, Qu Fengyi and Ye Meixie all shot Xuanyuan Wentian a strange look. All of the profound practitioners surrounding them also looked at him with curiosity in their eyes.


 Xuanyuan Wentian slowly raised his hands and gave a heavy clap. The dull smack of his palms and the sound of his voice rang out into the distance, “Have the men bring it here.”


 As Xuanyuan Wentian’s voice rang out, a profound aura rushed up from below at an extremely fast speed. It was clear that this person had been waiting below at a certain location all this while.


 This profound aura was abnormally strong and robust and it was travelling as fast as lightning. Astonishment bloomed across the faces of all of the experts of the Sacred Grounds. Because this profound energy was clearly... and shockingly that of a person who had reached the ninth level of the Sovereign Profound Realm!


 Within Mighty Heavenly Sword Region, besides Sword Master Xuanyuan, there were three other people who had reached the tenth level of the Sovereign Profound Realm, and they were Sword Attendant Heartless, Sword Attendant Merciless and Sword Attendant Emotionless. There were also two people who were at the ninth level of the Sovereign Profound Realm. They were the Great Elder Xuanyuan Guxing and the Second Elder Xuanyuan Guyun.


 During the Devil Sword Conference, most of the experts of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region had participated, the Three Sword Attendants and their second elder were all present. But the Great Elder Xuanyuan Guxing had not made an appearance.


 So it was obvious who this person was!


 Whoosh!!


 A light flashed past as three human figures suddenly appeared at Xuanyuan Wentian’s side. The person in the lead was dressed in a green robe, his face was ancient and his eyes twinkled like the stars in the sky. This was the Great Elder of Mighty Heavenly Sword Region, Xuanyuan Guxing. The moment he appeared, he dipped his head towards Xuanyuan Wentian, “Lord Sword Master.”


 Xuanyuan Guxing was holding on to two people, one in each of his hands. On his left, he held onto an extremely short and gnarled figure that was only three feet tall. That person’s body was completely covered by a wrinkled black robe and his entire face was concealed. Only half a hand peeked out of those crumpled black robes, it was as thin and withered as a black branch and it radiated an aura which caused everyone to feel extremely uncomfortable.


 “The Toxin Immortal!” The profound practitioners of the Black Fiend Nation could not help but shouting, their voices expressing their shock and fear.


 But once they could see who Xuanyuan Guxing was holding in his right hand, both Yun Che and Xia Yuanba shot to their feet...


 “Xiao Yun!!”


 This Chapter’s Teaser

