

Chapter 906 - Beneath the Divine Profound, All Are Ants (2)

  

 “AAAAAHHHH—!!”


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s miserable cry practically shook the heavens and the earth and those who were in Supreme Ocean Palace, which was fifty kilometers away, could clearly hear it. They looked towards the north and a look of deep shock and disbelief appeared on everyone’s faces.


 “That miserable scream... belonged to Xuanyuan Wentian!?”


 “That cry belongs to Xuanyuan Wentian!”


 “Could it be that... Could it be that Xuanyuan Wentian isn’t Yun Che’s match? Could it be that Yun Che has heavily injured Xuanyuan Wentian?” a profound practitioner from one of the Seven Nations asked in an incredibly excited voice.


 The strength that Xuanyuan Wentian displayed in front of them was equivalent to that of the legendary devil gods, so they could not fathom what kind of power could go up against him. They had never imagined that Yun Che would be able to duel Xuanyuan Wentian... Yet the miserable scream that they had heard had come from Xuanyuan Wentian.


 “Is this... truly real?” Feng Hengkong asked. It felt like all of them were caught in some kind of dream right now.


 “That... that can’t be true!” The eyes of everyone from Mighty Heavenly Sword Region had widened into saucers, their faces filled with fright, “The Heavenly Sovereign’s might is comparable to that of a devil god, so how can he be losing to Yun Che!?”


 “Haah... This is truly hard to believe,” Qin Wushang said as he looked at the northern sky before sighing deeply. “Seven years ago, he was just a child who had just entered the Profound Palace and still needed me to protect him from the shadows. Today, in seven short years, he actually managed to reach these heights. Rather than saying that this is a feat that was completely unprecedented and never to be repeated again, it might be better to describe it as an incredible dream that can scarcely be believed.”


 “In terms of age, isn’t the current Yun Che still a kid compared to us?” Dongfang Xiu said with a bland smile. “He has a strange and unusual personality, his temperament is domineering and imperious. His desire to never be controlled by another is drilled into his very bones and he has never been willing to be anyone’s subordinate. This kind of person naturally will not be driven by any principles of righteousness nor will he be willing to shoulder any sort of duty. Yet he was the one who saved Blue Wind Nation and today, he is the one who holds the future of the entire Profound Sky Continent in his hand...”


 “Even though he will definitely not pay any mind to it, if he manages to get rid of Xuanyuan Wentian, the dark shadow that is looming over the Profound Sky Continent today, then he will definitely become a legend that has never appeared in the history of the Profound Sky Continent and may never ever be surpassed.”


 “UWWAAAAAHHHH...”


 Xuanyuan Wentian pressed a hand against the wound in his chest that was glowing with vermillion light. His face was so twisted with pain that it practically resembled an actual devil. But no matter how much he focused his energy, he could not close that wound. In fact, he could not even stop it from bleeding and soon his entire palm was covered with reddish-black blood.


 Even though Yun Che’s expression was incredibly confident, he did not know just how strong the current Xuanyuan Wentian had become, so it was not possible for him to have absolute confidence. So he planned to display feigned vulnerability first so that he could use Xuanyuan Wentian’s excessive confidence and arrogance to sneak in a strike and smash him fiercely with his sword.


 Even though the sword wound was very long, it was also very shallow. This kind of wound would normally not even faze a regular Monarch but because it had been inflicted by the Heaven Smiting Devil Slayer Sword, it was the the most dreadful nightmare in the world to Xuanyuan Wentian’s “devil body.” The sword wound which glowed with vermillion light not only caused him extreme pain, it also severely restricted his actions, as it also greatly affected the circulation of darkness profound energy.


 What was even more terrifying about this sword wound was that it was basically not possible to use darkness profound energy to close it, so even if Xuanyuan Wentian’s profound strength was ten times stronger, he could forget about being able to heal this wound quickly—In fact, being stronger would only cause this wound to linger on even longer.


 “Yun Che... you actually dare to harm this sovereign’s noble devil body!”


 The pain being experienced by his body and the humiliation being experienced by his mind caused Xuanyuan Wentian’s towering arrogance and light and easy manner to disappear completely. Under the influence of his darkness profound energy, his rage, violent urges and killing intent had thoroughly erupted.


 Bang!!


 Black light exploded outwards from Xuanyuan Wentian’s body and the already incredibly strong and vigorous aura of darkness suddenly explosively multiplied. A layer of dark black light circled and flowed around his devil body, lightning-like jet-black streaks of profound light flashing within.


 A dark pressure assaulted Yun Che as it instantly forced his body to retreat several places. His hands tightened their grip on the Devil Slayer Sword as his expression grew cautious and alert.


 “Ahahah... Yun Che, this sovereign is going to rip you to pieces!!”


 The wound on his chest was still bleeding and he did not know when the pain would subside. Xuanyuan Wentian let out a hoarse roar as the black light around his body rippled restlessly. Three black shadows abruptly shot out from his body before they morphed into three tentacles which squirmed towards Yun Che.


 The dark might contained by these three black tentacles was completely incomparable to what had been displayed before and it was several times faster as well. Yun Che’s body retreated swiftly, his arms turning as the Heaven Smiting Sword swept out in front of him, drawing an arc of vermillion light through the air... But the moment he had sent his sword out, his pupils faintly shrank.


 Because he saw that hundreds of black sword beams had abruptly appeared behind those three black tentacles.


 Boom!!


 The moment the three black tentacles came into contact with the Devil Slayer Sword, they were immediately sliced apart and they writhed about like three earthworms which had been cut into pieces, twisting in the air as they swiftly dissipated. During the instant it took for his sword to return to its previous position, hundreds of sword beams suddenly flew towards him as they let out icy whistles. The auras radiating from every single sword beam were not the least bit weaker than the black tentacles that had been blown away by Yun Che.


 “Yun Che... Die!!”


 Yun Che’s eyes widened as he retreated at the fastest speed possible. However, it was basically impossible for him to be faster than those hundreds of black sword beams which could rend space apart. The moment the sword beams approached his body, his gaze turned dark and he came to a fierce and sudden stop as he let out a low yell.


 Profound light burst out of every pore of Yun Che’s body, his profound energy swelled explosively as “Sealing Cloud Locking Sun” was instantly activated and the shapeless Evil God Barrier formed around him. All of the black sword beams thrust into the Evil God Barrier, the collision producing a horrendous noise which bore a hole through one’s very heart and soul.


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s hands had arched into claws and black light was dancing on his palms and around his entire body as he violently urged those black sword beams onwards. Yun Che gritted his teeth tightly as he spread both hands out wide and desperately tried to reinforce and support the Evil God Barrier.


 The space which had been fiercely rippling and shaking had now suddenly turned completely still as both men descended into a fierce deadlock as they stared at each other across the intervening distance of more than three hundred meters. The black light in Xuanyuan Wentian’s hands was churning more and more violently with each passing second and his expression was growing more and more warped as well. It was as if he could hardly believe that Yun Che could actually block his attack.


 “Yun Che... this sovereign will see... just how much longer you can endure...”


 “Heh...” Contrary to his expectations, Yun Che chuckled as he spat out his words with deliberate slowness, “It won’t... be... for... too... long...”


 As his voice fell, his gaze abruptly changed and he let out a great shout which seemed to shake the very heavens themselves.


 “HAAAAAH!!!!”


 As that great shout rang out, Golden Crow flames ignited and soared into the sky as Yun Che’s profound strength, which had already swelled by several times, increased once more. The profound energy which had been locked in a stalemate for a long time was suddenly released with full force as it drove against the Evil God Barrier from within, causing it to burst apart. The black sword beams which had been driving against the Evil God Barrier released terrified wails as they were smashed far away.


 An incomparably enormous energy backlash fiercely lashed into the body of Xuanyuan Wentian, as he was urging the black sword beams forward, causing the expression on his face to change dramatically as his entire body shook fiercely.


 Yun Che suddenly sprang forward, the Heaven Smiting Sword shaking the air as it swept forward. In the blink of an eye, it destroyed all of the scattered sword beams. After that, Yun Che activated Star God’s Broken Shadow as he rushed straight towards Xuanyuan Wentian. A flame energy blade that was hundreds of meters long burst out from the Heaven Smiting Sword as it slashed towards the space that Xuanyuan Wentian was standing in.


 Xuanyuan Wentian’s gaze became incredibly dark and heavy. He threw out a black curtain of light, smashing that flaming energy blade far away. After that, he abruptly stretched out a hand and clutched at the wound on his chest and when he grabbed it, his hand became drenched in fresh blood.


 He stretched his blood-stained palm forward and as the scarlet-black blood dripped down, a reddish-black profound formation slowly formed in the palm of his hands. It started to revolve slowly as it started to release a terrifying bloody light.


 “Yun Che, this is the Heavenly Devil Blood Refining Formation that has been birthed using this sovereign’s devil blood...” After his black sword beams had been blocked, it was clear that Xuanyuan Wentian had become even more irascible and enraged, “This sovereign had intended to leave you a whole corpse at first... But right now... this sovereign is going to refine you into a puddle of thick blood!”


 As he howled those words hoarsely, Xuanyuan Wentian flung his hand out wide as the blood-colored profound formation, which was only half a foot long, swiftly flew towards Yun Che.


 An extremely oppressive aura hurtled towards him, causing an extremely uneasy feeling to suddenly spring up in Yun Che’s heart. He unwittingly retreated a few steps but in that instant, the blood-colored formation that was flying through the air suddenly unfurled like a picture scroll, as it swelled to hundreds of times its previous size and instantly trapped Yun Che within.


 “Hahahaha...” Xuanyuan Wentian said as he laughed wildly, “Within the Blood Refining Formation, you will immediately be turned into a puddle of watery blood and even your soul will be refined out of existence, never to reincarnate... That is the end you get for enraging this sovereign!”


 After he had been pulled into the Heavenly Devil Blood Refining Formation, the space around Yun Che had turned the color of blood. It was as if he had been plunged into a world of thick blood. Countless threads of dark and sinister energy swept at him from all around. These threads of energy seemed like they did not have any offensive properties but Yun Che could clearly sense his blood starting to churn by itself as his entire body felt a scorching heat which was gradually growing more intense.


 Yun Che took a glance at his own palm as his eyes faintly narrowed. Phoenix flames and Golden Crow flames erupted simultaneously, the raging flame instantly repulsing all of the bloody energy as it burned and rampaged through every corner of the profound formation. Yun Che also flew into the air, all of the profound energy in his body surging. The Heaven Smiting Sword lashed out like a furious storm as it pounded heavily against that blood-colored profound formation.


 Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom...


 The vermillion greatsword which weighed more than one million kilograms danced in Yun Che’s hand like light and graceful blade of grass. After one hundred sword strokes, the dense and bloody energy within the profound formation had been thrown into great disorder and it even made several whining sounds which signalled its impending collapse.


 BOOOM!!!


 Following the last strike of Yun Che’s sword, a huge hole was smashed through the profound formation as flames poured out of that gaping cavity. Following that, the escaping flames suddenly parted as Yun Che’s figure flew out from within. As he flung out his sword, the images of the Sky Wolf and of the Phoenix simultaneously appeared behind his back.


 “Phoenix Sky Wolf Slash!”


 “Wha... Whaat!?”


 Only a short five breaths had passed from the point the Heavenly Devil Blood Refining Formation had engulfed Yun Che to the point where it had collapsed. Upon seeing this, Xuanyuan Wentian’s face was finally completely drained of color.


 Before this, he had been injured by Yun Che’s sneak attack, so even though he had been enraged by it, he had thought that it was entirely due to him underestimating his enemy. He had definitely not thought that Yun Che had the ability to resist him. After all, he had only used twenty percent of his profound strength at that time.


 However, the black sword beams he had sent hurtling out in rage had been generated using all of his strength, fully intending to tear Yun Che into countless shreds... After that, the Heavenly Blood Refining Profound Formation was sent out and he had even used his devil blood to invoke it, so its might was incredibly powerful.


 But the black sword beams had been completely smashed aside by Yun Che and even the Heavenly Blood Refining Profound Formation had been swiftly broken apart by him.


 Under his irascible violence and his extreme rage, he had clearly used all of the power that he could currently muster, yet... he was actually not able to suppress Yun Che at all!!


 “AAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!”


 As he howled in fury, Xuanyuan Wentian’s black figure suddenly flashed as he dodged Yun Che’s Phoenix Sky Wolf Slash. But he did not follow it up with a counter attack. Instead, he let out a hoarse yell, “WHY!? How did your profound strength grow to this extent in just one short month!!”


 “This sovereign has cultivated for two thousand years, planned and prepared for one thousand years, endured for one thousand years. I’ve killed countless people, been soaked in oceans of blood, wasted so much time thinking up countless schemes. I’ve also endured heavens know how many risks and in the end I even turned my own body into a puddle of blood... Before I obtained this power!!”
The initial posting of this chapter occurred via noovelllbbin

 “But you...” Xuanyuan Wentian huffed and puffed as he was overcome by rage, shock, befuddlement... and a strong discontentment and jealousy, “Just how did you... Just how did you obtain such power in a short month!? You... Where did you get this power from? Just what did you experience!?”


 ——————————


 Author’s Note:


 【Goddamnit... I’m so tired. All of you better not get used to this current rate of release, I’m truly exceptionally tired right now...The crucial point is that I’ve been receiving a rather excessive amount ofencouragement recently, so I’d feel bad if I stopped releasing... DAMN!! I can’t be like this! If I’m like this, it’s really easy to become a fatty due to tiredness! 】

