

Chapter 1527 - Death of Blue Pole Star (2)

 “In that case, why are you here, Moon God Emperor?”


 This time, the person who spoke up was the Dragon Monarch. An invisible pressure instantly froze the space around this place.


 In fact, everyone caught a hint of displeasure in his tone.


 It was because Xia Qingyue was the one who brought Yun Che to the Forbidden Land of Samsara!


 Yun Che wouldn’t even know who Shen Xi was if it wasn’t for her.


 Xia Qingyue didn’t seem to notice the pressure behind the Dragon Monarch’s words. She continued to stare at the azure planet ahead of her and said, “There are two things this king must do today. One, this king must slay Yun Che with her own hands, or she’ll always be known as the wife of a devil person! Anyone who dares to snatch this right from me will face my wrath!”


 The Moon God Emperor was without a doubt the youngest and least experienced god emperor of all who were present, and she was a woman no less. Any one person here had hundreds, or even thousands of times of experience and seniority over her, and she barely had any real relationship with them at all.


 However, she didn’t seem to realize this herself. Despite facing the strongest god emperor of the three divine regions, her posture and appearance remained as imposing as ever. Not a shred of humility or restraint could be sensed in her at all.


 “Hahahaha.” the Southern Sea God Emperor laughed loudly as he stared at Xia Qingyue from the side with dark eyes. “The Moon God Emperor sure is obsessed with this. There is no one who would dare criticize you even if you failed to slay him with your own hands, you know? If someone is bold enough to do that, you don’t even need to defend yourself, this king would teach them a lesson first.”


 Xia Qingyue failed to kill Yun Che yesterday due to Qianye Ying’er’s interference, but everyone had witnessed her ruthlessness yesterday. She had seriously tried to wipe every atom of Yun Che out of existence.


 “Anyone who captures Yun Che will get to dispose him however they like,” the Dragon Monarch said indifferently. “If you wish to slay him yourself, then you must be able to capture him first!”


 “Very well!” Xia Qingyue raised her chin a bit before continuing, “This king urgently needs to quell her impatience, but she isn’t an unreasonable person. As the Dragon Monarch says, anyone who captures Yun Che will get to decide what to do with him. No one is allowed to interfere after that... is everyone okay with that?”


 “I have nothing to say on this matter.” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor closed his eyes and said, “However, he must be killed on the spot. He mustn’t be taken alive.”


 Just yesterday, he was the one who had stopped those who would kill Yun Che, suggesting to destroy his profound energy instead as an alternative.


 However, his stance had completed turned around. Not only was his determination to kill Yun Che at its peak, it was to the point where he was willing to stoop to any level.


 Evil will bring the carnage of a devil god...


 Every single word was like a nightmare that pierced his heart and soul.


 “But of course!” Xia Qingyue declared coldly.


 “What is that second thing you must do?” Qianye Fantian asked curiously.


 “Two...” Xia Qingyue turned around completely and swept an icy glance across everyone’s faces. Then, she said slowly, “I’m stopping everyone from setting foot on my birthplace!”


 Everyone’s expression changed when they heard this.


 “Hmph! This is the place where I was born, and this king will not allow you all to trample all over it!” Xia Qingyue said coldly. “Yun Che deserves to die, but that doesn’t mean I’ll allow my honor to be dragged through the mud!”


 Everyone present could sense the fury and determination in Xia Qingyue’s tone. The Eternal Heaven God Emperor let out a sigh and said, “Don’t worry, Moon God Emperor. We’re only here for Yun Che and nothing else. We will not drag anyone else into this.”


 “This king trusts that you mean what you say, Eternal Heaven God Emperor. But can you promise the same for everyone else around you?” Xia Qingyue said.


 The Eternal Heaven God Emperor couldn’t say anything against that.


 “Moreover, Yun Che’s family will be harmed whether or not he appears today. I’m sure everyone of you is aware of this,” Xia Qingyue said coldly. “This king must slay Yun Che with her own hands, but she is old friends with some of his wives, and one of them is even her former senior, a person whom this king owes a great favor to... This king will not bear witness to the ugliness you’ll bring to her former acquaintances!”


 “Moreover,” Xia Qingyue pushed on before the god emperors could interrupt her, “Killing Yun Che isn’t even your primary objective today. Most of you are here to pry the secrets of Yun Che’s birthplace, and conflict will happen if a discovery is made. No one cares for this lowly planet, but grudges will be harbored, and rivers of blood will run between the realms. That, is ugly.”


 “As a god emperor of the Eastern Divine Region, there is no way this king will allow such ugliness to happen to her birthplace!”


 “Hehe.” A thin smile appeared on Qianye Fantian’s face. “That is a laughable story, Moon God Emperor. This planet is already known to the entire Eastern Divine Region, and it’s only a matter of time before news of its whereabouts reaches the three divine regions. Suppose you manage to stop everyone from prying its secrets today—how long do you think you can keep this up?”


 “I doubt you can even stop us today.”


 “Is that so?” Xia Qingyue smiled at him, but there was no emotion behind it whatsoever. “What if I destroy it then? That would solve my problems once and for all, wouldn’t you agree?”


 Her words surprised everyone present. The Southern Sea God Emperor was the first to laugh loudly. “How interesting! The Moon God Emperor is truly an interesting person, hahahaha!”


 Shiing!!


 The Purple Pylon Divine Sword came out of its sheath, its purple glare silencing the Southern Sea God Emperor’s laugh immediately. Every god emperor turned to look at her in shock.


 “This is my birthplace, and no one is allowed to trample over it! To allow this is to allow you greedy lot to trample over my face!” The color of the power surrounding the Purple Pylon Divine Sword grew deeper and deeper, and a terrible pressure radiated toward the surroundings at an extraordinary rate.


 “You...” Qianye Fantian’s expression turned dark. As the pressure from the blade continued to grow exponentially, he started to realize that Xia Qingyue was actually serious about destroying her birthplace. He said, “Have you gone insane, Moon God Emperor? This is your birthplace. Your clansmen, family, and friends are all on that planet!”


 But Xia Qingyue didn’t look moved in the slightest. She said in a leisurely tone, “You know, Yun Che’s downfall was a good wake-up call for me. If someone can use his birthplace and his family to force him into submission today, then someone can use the same tactic against me tomorrow.”


 “This king’s biological father, younger brother, former master, and seniors are all on this planet. If someone were to use them against me one day, should I submit to my exploiters, or not?”


 “If this one refuses to submit, then the whole world will laugh at my heartlessness and indifference. But if I must submit...” A half smile appeared on Xia Qingyue’s face. “This king is the god emperor of the Moon God Realm, so why would I allow a weakness like this to exist?”


 Shiing!


 The Purple Pylon Divine Sword’s power had grown several times stronger while she was speaking, and everyone’s faces were dyed purple by its glare. The god emperors were merely surprised by her power, but the eastern realm kings behind them couldn’t even breathe properly.


 Such terrifying power was of course enough to utterly annihilate the azure-colored planet before them, but Xia Qingyue apparently thought that it still wasn’t enough. A terrifying amount of power was gathering and swelling at a rapid rate.


 “Moon God Emperor, you...” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor’s expression changed drastically as he yelled, “You can’t do this! You said it yourself that your father and your younger brother are all on that planet! Yun Che’s a devil person, but the denizens of Blue Pole Star are all innocent!”
The initial instance of this chapter being available happened at N0v3l.Bin.

 Xia Qingyue said, “The Brahma Heaven God Emperor already mentioned it earlier, it’s only a matter of time before the three divine regions learn about this. It doesn’t take a genius to figure out that countless God Realm profound practitioners will be setting foot on this lowly planet and fighting over it starting today. The only thing that awaits this lowly planet is endless trampling and calamity, so it may as well die now than suffer a fate worse than death.”


 The Eternal Heaven God Emperor frowned deeper as he tried to say something, but Xia Qingyue looked at him first and said indifferently, “You’re the one who exposed this planet’s location and drove it to a dead end, Eternal Heaven God Emperor. So why are you pitying its fate?”


 “...” Whatever the Eternal Heaven God Emperor was going to say instantly became stuck in his throat. He couldn’t say anything for a very long time.


 “Are you sure you must do this, Moon God Emperor?” the Dragon Monarch asked with a slight frown. Xia Qingyue might be the Moon God Emperor, but she was only thirty years old. A young woman like her shouldn’t be able to be steel her heart like this. “If Yun Che doesn’t show up today, then this planet will be very useful. You should at least wait until he makes his appearance.”


 “That, you have nothing to worry about, Dragon Monarch,” Xia Qingyue said. “This king was married to Yun Che before. I know him better than anyone here, and I guarantee that he’ll show up today, if not a lot sooner than all of you might think!”


 “Moon God Emperor!” Qianye Fantian appeared in front of Xia Qingyue in a flash before declaring, “I’m personally inclined to think that you’re bluffing, but... know that this king disagrees if you truly intend to destroy your planet!”


 “Oh really?” Xia Qingyue narrowed her eyes slightly. “Strength wise, this king dare not claim that she’s the equal of any god emperor present.”


 “But if this king sets her mind to destroying the Blue Pole Star... do you really think anyone here can stop me!”


 “You!”


 Qianye Fantian’s expression grew even darker.


 She was right. Blue Pole Star was a massive target, and there was no one who could stop its destruction if a god emperor truly set their mind to destroying it. Everyone was growing more and more certain that Xia Qingyue was serious!


 The Purple Pylon Divine Sword’s power was still growing. It had reached the point where even the god emperors were feeling a little threatened.


 Suddenly, every god emperor raised their eyebrows at once.


 An aura was approaching them very quickly, and it was none other than...


 “The Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace!”


 “Yun Che!”


 Yun Che’s arrival changed the atmosphere immediately as everyone looked in the same direction. It was as Xia Qingyue had said; not only did Yun Che show up, it was far sooner than almost everyone had expected.


 There was a flurry of auras as the god emperors moved into position immediately. Even Qianye Fantian had set aside Xia Qingyue for the moment and moved further away. Unlike the Eternal Heaven God Emperor, he didn’t care if Yun Che lived or died. What he desired was the Sky Poison Pearl and the Heretic God divine power.


 Xia Qingyue’s reaction was unusually subdued compared to the people around her. She looked towards distance and felt the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace’s trajectory. She muttered to herself, “This is fine too...”


 Large and terrible profound ships appeared on the horizon, prompting Yun Che to look up from his seat inside the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace. These supreme rulers and god emperors almost never showed their faces in public, but today they were all piling themselves on top of this poor star system for him.


 He didn’t look at anyone. His only target was the Blue Pole Star. The sight of his planet lit a flame of hope inside his shadowed heart.


 The fact that the profound ships and the people were here meant that they hadn’t set foot on Blue Pole Star just yet.


 If he pushed the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace to its limits, then a breakthrough wasn’t completely impossible!


 He would enter the Blue Pole Star before them, grab Wuxin and the others into the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace, and escape using the Void Illusory Stone.


 It was the only way! The only hope and chance he had!


 He sucked in a deep breath, and his eyes turned completely cool... It was at this moment a dozen or so profound energies flew toward him from multiple directions. Although they were fired from very far away, every one contained immense power. If it wasn’t for the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace, a single hit would’ve critically wounded him.


 The Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace slowed drastically under the bombardment.


 “Very good...” Yun Che said through gritted teeth.


 Boom!!!


 A flash of dazzling silver exploded from the top of the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace, and it was able to break free of all the profound energies suppressing it. Then, it charged toward the Blue Pole Star even faster than before.


 It was obvious that it had broken through its limit.


 The eyes of Golden Moon God Yue Wuji flashed golden.


 “Oh?” Surprised, a dangerous smile appeared on the Southern Sea God Emperor’s face. “As expected of the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace. Tsk tsk.”


 “It looks like he still plans to resist.” Qianye Fantian chuckled once. “How naive.”


 The god emperors took off and flew straight toward the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace. However, Xia Qingyue suddenly raised her free hand and pointed a finger at the incoming vessel, her palm glowing slightly with moonlight.


 Inside the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace, Yun Che’s mind suddenly turned blank without warning. He felt as if something had shattered in his soul.


 It was followed by the severance of his connection to the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace.


 “Wuji!” Xia Qingyue whispered.


 The second Xia Qingyue spoke, Yue Wuji immediately took off in a burst of golden light. But instead of flying towards the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace... he actually circled around and approached the vessel from the back!


 Suddenly, the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace slowed drastically and made an incredible U-turn. Then, it flew at full speed straight toward Yue Wuji.


 Every god emperor flying toward the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace looked shocked.


 Yue Wuji’s greatest strength was his speed, and he was at least as fast as the former Moon God Emperor, Yue Wuya. By the time everyone else finally reacted, the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace was already right in front of him. Xia Qingyue made another hand gesture, and Yun Che was ejected straight out of the vessel and controlled firmly by Yue Wuji.


 No one had seen this coming... Yun Che the least of all of them.


 He was the master of the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace... but he had been robbed of his right in just an instant!


 “According to the agreement, anyone who captured Yun Che has the right to dispose of him however they like,” Xia Qingyue said indifferently. “If there’s anyone who would like to stop me, please speak up now so this king may turn her wrath on them.”


 “We are god emperors, and we don’t go back on our words. As promised, the Moon God Emperor will be the one to dispose him... hmph. At least this’ll be a most fitting execution,” the Dragon Monarch said expressionlessly.


 “Hehe, that’s an amazing trick, Moon God Emperor.” Qianye Fantian was smiling, but on the inside he was really fuming with rage. He finally understood why Xia Qingyue had agreed to the Dragon Monarch’s condition so easily... In fact, now that he thought about it, she was planning for this to happen from the start!


 The Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace was the Moon God Realm’s best profound ship, and everyone knew that Xia Qingyue had gifted it to Yun Che. However, no one had expected her to seize back control by force!


 That being said, no one was too surprised after they had time to process things in their heads. The Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace was powered by the Moon God divine power, and as the Moon God Emperor Xia Qingyue controlled the very origin of all Moon God divine power! She definitely had the power to interrupt the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace by force.


 “It looks like the Moon God Emperor is very obsessed with slaying Yun Che with her own hands,” the Southern Sea God Emperor said with a smile.


 Yun Che heard everything as Yue Wuji carried him closer to the group. He looked up and stared at the glowing Xia Qingyue in utter confusion. “Qingyue, you...”


 “Restrain his limbs,” Xia Qingyue said indifferently. “He has a Void Illusion Stone on him. Don’t allow him even a single opportunity.”


 Yue Wuji answered her command and turned up his power a couple of notches. As a result, Yun Che couldn’t move a muscle besides his head.


 Yun Che’s eyes paled in utter disbelief... He could feel that it was Xia Qingyue who had seized the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace from him and destroyed his only hope.


 Even if he could convince himself that Xia Qingyue was trying to save him by controlling him personally... why had she told everyone that he had a Void Illusion Stone? It was completely unnecessary.


 “Yun Che,” Xia Qingyue gazed eastward and stared at the azure planet at the distance. “This king will grant you a gift before you die. Watch closely, and don’t miss even a single moment. It’d be a shame to miss something like this.”


 He had always loved Xia Qingyue’s voice, even when she purposely kept it free from emotion. But right now her words only sent a chill down his marrow, and a terrible sense of unease throughout his body. “Qingyue, what... are you trying to do?”


 Xia Qingyue swung her sword before he could finish.


 The blade was only seven feet long, but the purple light it fired was hundreds of meters long. It took only an instant for it to grow to ten thousand meters... five thousand kilometers... five hundred thousand kilometers... encompassing everything. Everyone was speechless, and Yun Che’s pupils shrank like a needle. The purple light annihilated all space within its path before hitting the azure planet dead on.


 The Blue Pole Star was cut in half before it crumbled into countless azure blue pieces... In the end, even the star-like pieces were devoured by the purple explosion...


 The land, the sea, the mountains, the people... everything was reduced to absolutely nothing.

