

Chapter 1490 - The Abyss of Nothingness

 The God Realm of Absolute Beginning.


 This was the second time that Yun Che had entered the God Realm of Absolute Beginning. The first was because Qianye Ying’er had forced him to. This time, he had Qianye Ying’er by his side, but her role had changed tremendously.


 Without the danger and urgency of his previous situation, Yun Che could peacefully observe this mysterious world. Similar to the first time, that feeling of stepping into antiquity was incomparably clear from the moment he stepped in.


 A grayish white world appeared before his eyes, and be it the sky, the ground, or the mountains, they were all the color of ash. Even the air seemed to contain a deep feeling of heaviness and dreary desolation.


 Yun Che stood rooted on the spot as he surveyed his surroundings, and he truly felt as if he was completely lost.


 Xia Qingyue had told him the last time that the ground beneath him was the starting point of the God Realm of Absolute Beginning. Anyone who entered from the entrance at the center of the Primal Chaos would fall onto this starting ground. It was also the safest place in the entire God Realm of Absolute Beginning.


 The exit point which lead to the Primal Chaos Realm was above this starting point. It was an enormous grayish white vortex which was the same as the entry point.


 “Master,” Qianye Ying’er said, “the God Realm of Absolute Beginning has countless fierce primordial beasts and evil spirits. If Master wants to explore, you must never leave Slave Ying’s side and you must not go too deep.”


 Even with Qianye Ying’er’s strength, he had be extremely careful if he wanted to explore in depth. It would be exceptionally dangerous for Yun Che to even enter its borders, given his current strength.


 “Hmph, I’m not here to gain experience,” Yun Che said indifferently as he surveyed his surroundings. “Help me look for a safe place that will not be disturbed by outsiders.”


 “Yes.”


 Qianye Ying’er had entered the God Realm of Absolute Beginning too many times while searching for opportunities and chasing after the peak of the profound way. Thus, she was especially familiar with the starting point region. As she brought Yun Che along with her, she flitted across the grayish white world for an hour before landing on a very tall peak.


 The peak reached the thin clouds which were all ash colored.


 As he stood on the peak and looked at the boundless grayish white world around him, a deep feeling of loneliness seemed to assault him. But he was not in the mood to appreciate the sights and feel the aura of the realm. Rather, he slowly raised his left hand and the dark green cleansing light of the Sky Poison Pearl flashed from his palm.


 Jasmine, you can surely feel this... you will surely be able to!


 “Master, what are you trying to do?” He Ling’s voice rang out in his consciousness.


 “He Ling,” Yun Che said softly, “Release the cleansing aura of the Sky Poison Pearl to its greatest extent... the further, the better.”


 “Huh?” He Ling did not understand.


 “Back then, when she was with me, her soul had always resided inside the Sky Poison Pearl. Back then, the poison origin of the Sky Poison Pearl was lost and thus, it did not have the ability to poison but it only had the ability to cleanse. During those eight years, she was constantly immersed in the cleansing aura of the Sky Poison Pearl. Her soul should be incomparably familiar and sensitive to the Sky Poison Pearl’s cleansing aura... Even if it were just a single distant thread, she would definitely be able to feel it.”


 “But...” He Ling said, “Although I have never been here, I have heard of this place from Master Shen Xi before. The God Realm of Absolute Beginning is huge and it could be even bigger than the Primal Chaos Realm so no one has ever reached its borders. No matter what, the Sky Poison Pearl’s cleansing aura would not be able to spread through such an enormous world.”


 “No,” Yun Che gave a faint smile, “she definitely isn’t too far away from me.”


 “Master, why do you think so?” He Ling asked softly.


 “Because I know her.” Yun Che’s gaze became slightly hazy and he said, “Everyone is afraid of her name, be it in the Star God Realm or outside of it. No one dares to go near her and even more so, she does not want to get close to others. But I know that she actually is someone who is afraid to be alone.”


 He Ling, “...”


 “She would not like the God Realm of Absolute Beginning because it is a world that is too desolate. Thus, she would not be willing to go too deep in. But more than that, she would be silently observing those at the border region, who are practicing to gain experience, to reduce her loneliness. So that she would be able to gather some news outside the realm... especially news about me.”


 That dark, heartless person who also possessed the Evil Infant devilish energy would actually be afraid of loneliness? Perhaps all those who had come into contact with the Heavenly Slaughter Star God would find those words extremely ridiculous. But Yun Che said it with absolute confidence.


 “Mn, I will try my best to release the cleansing aura as far as I can.” Upon sensing Yun Che’s chaotic and nervous heartbeat, He Ling said gently, “I believe that she will be able to sense it... Even if she cannot sense the cleansing aura, she will definitely be able to sense Master’s feelings.”


 Yun Che stretched his fingers and an image of the Sky Poison Pearl slowly appeared above his palm. Following that, it released the most intense cleansing light it had ever released, and from afar, it looked like a dark green star twinkling in the sky.


 Yun Che sat on the ground with his legs crossed but the pounding in his heart could not settle down even after a long time.


 He had once thought it was goodbye forever, but now there was hope that they could meet again and perhaps he could see her very soon... But the aura covering every inch of his body trembled uncontrollably now that this feeling was close at hand.


 Jasmine... I am still alive, you are still alive. I have to find you, please... you must find me too!


 Time passed by silently and there was an addition of a long-lasting dark green star that shone in the grayish white world without falling.


 The Sky Poison Pearl’s cleansing aura would undoubtedly attract ferocious beasts. If Yun Che was alone, he would definitely not dare to do such a thing. But with Qianye Ying’er around, he was not worried at all.


 The region he was at still belonged to the border zone and there were no profound beasts that Qianye Ying’er could not handle. Qianye Ying’er had such great strength that whenever a dangerous aura came into the range of her spiritual perception, she had already wiped them out even before they could come close... And not even a single speck of dust had touched Yun Che.


 Qianye Ying’er’s golden figure blurred and she once again eliminated all dangers before returning to Yun Che’s side. At this moment, Yun Che, who had been silent all this while, suddenly spoke, “Slave Ying, did you cause the death of Jasmine’s older brother, the previous Heavenly Wolf Star God Xisu?”


 Qianye Ying’er replied, “Slave Ying did not harm the Heavenly Wolf Star God Xisu but he did indeed die because of Slave Ying.”


 At present, it was not possible for Qianye Ying’er to lie to him. Yun Che’s brows furrowed slightly at her reply and he said solemnly, “How on earth did the Heavenly Wolf Star God Xisu die exactly? Explain it to me in detail.”


 “Yes.” Qianye Ying’er began to explain, “Back then, Slave Ying had once again entered deeply into the God Realm of Absolute Beginning. At the border of the【Abyss of Nothingness】, I unintentionally discovered a concealed secret realm...”


 “The Abyss of Nothingness?” Yun Che interrupted her, “What is that place?”


 Qianye Ying’er explained, “The Abyss of Nothingness is the most special place in the God Realm of Absolute Beginning, or even perhaps the whole Primal Chaos Realm. It is a deep abyss that is extremely deep and causes everything to 【return to nothingness】. In many records, it was hypothesized to be the core of the God Realm of the Absolute Beginning.”


 “Causes everything to... return to nothingness?” Yun Che furrowed his brows.


 “It is not known how deep this Abyss of Nothingness is but it is covered by a layer of eternal gray fog. Anything that falls into it will disappear completely. Be it the living or and the dead, including spirits and profound energy poured into it, and even spiritual perception and light.”


 “Slave Ying had been to the Abyss of Nothingness a few times. Given Slave Ying’s strength, even if I released all my profound energy, it would disappear in an instant once it came into contact with the Abyss of Nothingness and not a single trace of aura was left behind.


 “Even if a Divine Sovereign or Divine Master had fallen in, their body, their soul, their powers, their auras would turn into nothing instantly.”


 “There are many records in ancient scriptures regarding the Abyss of Nothingness but no one could interpret its exact location. It’s not just the souls in this era, but even the body and power of a god or devil in primordial times would also return to nothingness instantly when in contact with the ‘Abyss of Nothingness’.”


 “Such a place actually exists in this universe,” Yun Che said in a low voice. This boundless universe is truly filled with extraordinary things. A world where everything instantly returns to nothingness actually exists.


 Return to nothingness...


 Nothingness...


 Bzz...


 Yun Che’s body shook as if his brain had been hit by something violently and everything turned chaotic.


 All... creation... is birthed... from... nothing...


 And also... returns... to... nothing...


 In the midst of the chaos, an incomparably distant sound seemed to ring out.


 Yun Che forcefully raised his hand and pressed it to his head... it was only after a long time that his heart finally settled down.


 “Master, what’s wrong?” He regained consciousness and He Ling’s incomparably worried and anxious voice rang out.


 “I’m alright, it’s just that I seem to have suddenly comprehended something,” Yun Che said this while his brows knitted unconsciously.


 Just now... I must have comprehended something.


 But why did it suddenly disappear without a trace and why can’t I recall it?


 What exactly is going on...


 “Continue with what you were saying, so how did Heavenly Wolf Star God Xisu die?” Yun Che said after recovering his train of thought.


 “Yes.” Qianye Ying’er continued her explanation, “Slave Ying unintentionally discovered a deeply hidden secret realm at the border of the Abyss of Nothingness. After entering the secret realm, Slave Ying found a broken piece of a memory. It was then that I found out that the secret realm was left behind during the Ancient Era by Heaven Divine Punishing Emperor Mo E before he died. It was used to hide the fragment of the World-Defying Heaven Manual that was in his hands.”


 “...!?” Yun Che lifted his head abruptly and said, “You said... the World-Defying Heaven Manual!?”


 “Yes,” Qianye Ying’er continued on, “Before Mo E died of old age, it was his wish to place the fragment of the World-Defying Heaven Manual in his hands into the Abyss of Nothingness to prevent the future eras from fighting over it and creating disasters. But in the end, on account of it being left behind by the Ancestral God, he did not choose to return it to nothingness but hid it in the secret realm that he personally created.”
N0v3lTr0ve served as the original host for this chapter's release on N0v3l--B1n.

 Yun Che, “...” (Mo E... fragment of the World-Defying Heaven Manual... left behind by the Ancestral God!?)


 Hold on... Why are all these consistent with the “Ancestral Divine Art” that was spoken of by the souls of both the Golden Crow and Ice Phoenix?


 “The secret realm personally created by the Heaven Divine Punishing Emperor would not be sensed even by the True Gods. But so many eras had passed and perhaps it had also been affected by the Abyss of Nothingness that a slight disorder of space had occurred and it was thus sensed by Slave Ying. Slave Ying had already found a broken piece of memory that showed the fragment of the ‘World-Defying Heaven Manual’. However, there is a barrier in its surroundings that separates me from it. Though countless years had passed and the power of the barrier had diminished greatly, Slave Ying still could not break through it alone. Thus, Slave Ying asked Heavenly Wolf Star God Xisu for his help.”


 “Why did you ask him for help?” Yun Che frowned deeply and said, “You have many strong Brahma Gods and Brahma Kings in the Brahma Monarch God Realm, but you asked... for the help of the Heavenly Wolf Star God from the Star God Realm?”


 “Because he was strong enough,” Qianye Ying’er said in a dull tone. “But more of it was because... that barrier was too dangerous and if it was forcefully broken, there was a possibility of dying from the serious damage. When comparing the death of a Star God to the death of a Brahma King, I chose the first.”


 Yun Che, “...”


 “There was one other important reason,” Although Yun Che’s complexion had changed a few times, Qianye Ying’er’s tone and expression remained calm. It was obvious that to her, she had committed no wrong and it was the correct and most common option to select. She said, “He would help Slave Ying to keep this secret and would not reveal that Slave Ying had obtained anything.”


 The corner of Yun Che’s lips twitched, he gritted his teeth lightly and said, “What happened after that?”

