

Chapter 1871 - Suspicious Evil Infant

 



 “The last time the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword appeared was in the ancient Dragon God Realm, and it was tossed into the Well of Samsara so that the devil race wouldn’t be able to get their hands on it,” Qianye Ying’er said suddenly. “Similar records of the event also exist in the Brahma Monarch God Realm and many other king realms, so this part is most likely the truth.”


 “I’m surprised to read that the ancient daughter of the Dragon God is sealed inside the Ancestral Sword though.”


 “... a lot of people must’ve tried to search for the Ancestral Sword, right?” Yun Che asked.


 “If it was another star realm, then believe me when I say that every inch of the land would’ve been scoured a million times over,” Qianye Ying’er replied indifferently. “This is the Dragon God Realm, however. Who in the world would dare to invade this place? That being said, the Dragon God Realm themselves probably never stopped searching for the sword. The Forbidden Land of Samsara especially must’ve been searched again and again.”


 “What does it matter if they found the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword though? Unless the sword acknowledges the wielder as its master, its powers will greatly reduce the wielder’s lifespan.”


 “Going by the ancient standards, all beings in the current universe are considered mortals. This means that using the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword by force is akin to committing suicide. What would be the point even if the sword possesses the power to destroy the Primal Chaos itself?”


 “Of course there is a point,” Yun Che said quietly. “Assuming that I found the sword four years ago, I wouldn’t have hesitated to destroy the world at the cost of my own life.”


 Qianye Ying’er frowned deeply before exhaling a bit. Her eyebrows relaxed slowly as she said, “To many people, this so-called number one Heavenly Profound Treasure is not worth even a hair on your person... you will do well to remember my words if you ever think such thoughts in the future.”


 Yun Che couldn’t help but shoot her a strange look.


 Qianye Ying’er immediately looked away and added stiffly, “I’m speaking on behalf of your wife and daughter.”


 “I know. I’ll remember it.” Yun Che nodded lightly.


 “...” The reply was so serious that it was almost obedient. It surprised Qianye Ying’er so much that she didn’t know how to reply for a time.


 Yun Che returned his gaze to the Ancient Records of the Dragon God.


 Yun Che had already known that the daughter of the Dragon God was sealed inside the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword as far back as the Profound Sky Continent.


 Judging from the Primordial Azure Dragon’s story and last words, he most likely had succeeded in transforming his daughter into the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword’s sword spirit.


 He would’ve succumbed to despair and passed away a long time ago if that wasn’t the case, much less persisted until the current time.


 The real surprise of this record was the fact that the Dragon God Seal contained a wisp of the Ancestral God’s divine power. It was probably the Ancient Dragon God Tribe’s greatest secret.


 It was the highest power that transcended even the primordial after all. Using the Ancestral God’s divine power as the medium, he had supposedly formed a connection with the Ancestral Sword’s internal space, fused his daughter and the Ancestral Sword’s consciousness together, and transformed her into the Ancestral Sword’s sword spirit...


 Assuming that they shared perfect compatibility, the Primordial Azure Dragon’s effort certainly had a theoretical chance at success. For example, He Ling had become the pearl spirit of both the Sky Poison Pearl and the Eternal Heaven Pearl.


 On the other hand, it was the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword, a Heavenly Profound Treasure that was higher than both the Sky Poison Pearl and the Eternal Heaven Pearl. No one could say what the final outcome might be.


 One thing was certain though, the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword was one of the few—perhaps only—supreme creations that were on par with the Ancestral God in terms of existence. Therefore, a power that could truly destroy it didn’t exist before, now, or in the future.


 In other words, assuming that the Dragon God’s daughter successfully became the Ancestral Sword’s sword spirit, she too would’ve become an eternal existence.


 She and the Heaven Punishing Ancestral Sword would’ve survived until the current world unless she severed that tie herself.


 However, assuming that it was a success, it begged the question of why she hadn’t appeared to the world for so many years, and why she hadn’t sought out the Dragon God’s soul who had lived a million years in his pitiful state just to see her once more...


 Also...


 The Well of Samsara...


 The Forbidden Land of Samsara...


 The Dragon God’s daughter...


 Follower of the Creation God of Life...


 The Forbidden Land of Samsara... the Divine Miracle of Life...


 ......


 No... it cannot be...


 If she truly is the sword spirit of the Ancestral Sword, there is no chance that Long Bai could’ve harmed her... what am I thinking? There’s no way she could be...


 Yun Che shook his head unconsciously to dispel a certain woman who, for some reason, overlapped with his imagined image of the Dragon God’s daughter.


 But maybe... just maybe... if he pretended that all the inconsistencies and contradictions didn’t exist... and that it really was her...


 Could she perhaps... still live... in a form that no one from the current world could understand...


 “Yun Che... Yun Che!!”


 It took several cries of his name to finally break Yun Che out of his reverie.


 “Why did you blank out all of a sudden?”


 “... I was thinking about the whereabouts of the Ancestral Sword,” Yun Che replied.


 “Bullshit!” Qianye Ying’er hmphed accusingly. “I should’ve brought a mirror with me! You were obviously thinking about some woman just now!”


 Yun Che: “...”


 Suddenly, Qianye Ying’er pushed Yun Che roughly to a sitting position on the floor. There was a rush of fragrance and a flash of fabric, and before he knew it Qianye Ying’er was sitting on his left thigh and resting her long, smooth legs on his right knee. She breathed out both forcefully and softly into his ears, “You will not think about another woman while I’m with you.”


 Ever since Long Bai had died, and news of the Blue Pole Star’s safety had become known to Qianye Ying’er, the woman had become a lot more impudent than she used to be. Yun Che rolled his eyes at her briefly before pulling her long skirt upward and exposing her legs. They were easily prettier than snow itself.


 Yun Che moved his finger upward until his entire arm was buried deep within her clothes. The indescribable sensation in his hand was ten thousand times better than even the most flawless sheep-fat white jade.


 Qianye Ying’er’s eyes misted over with lust as she watched a hand-shaped lump running up and down under her clothes freely. When she bit her lips lightly and looked at Yun Che though, she discovered that he had turned his attention back to the Ancient Records of the Dragon God once more. Annoyed, she took revenge by stabbing his ear with her tongue.


 “Be good.” Still running a hand up and down Qianye Ying’er’s skirt wantonly, he flipped the Ancient Records of the Dragon God to a new page with the other hand.


 [Second Heavenly Profound Treasure: Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations]


 [Birthed from the yin side of the heart of the Primal Chaos, it was a terrifying, devilish wheel that was born with the darkest and most wicked of energies. It was said to harbor all of the negative energies that there had been since the conception of the Primal Chaos, and that its power was the flip side of the Ancestral God’s divine power. At full strength, its power was comparable to that of the Ancestral Sword.]


 [To date, the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations has never had a true master.]


 [According to the devil race, all four Devil Emperors had attempted at some point in their lives to control the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations. However, they all failed and suffered varying degrees of backlash.]


 [The Evil Infant’s personality could only be described as temperamental, egocentric, unreasonable, cruel, violent, and uncontrollable. Most of all, it was absolutely unpredictable in its ways, and it has caused countless disasters before it was sealed. It had always been a matter of time before it became a great threat to all.]


 [Thankfully, it was also as childish as a newborn, and it easily let down its guard when persuaded the right way. It was easily lured into the great formation set up by the four great Devil Emperors and the Devil Gods and sealed before it could unleash its devastating power, thus ending the threat it could’ve posed.]


 [Not only that, the four Devil Emperors vowed never to unlock its seal unless they were facing a grave crisis.]


 Temperamental, egocentric, unreasonable, cruel, and violent?


 Yun Che frowned a little when he read this line.


 While in the God Realm of Absolute Beginning, he had interacted with the Evil Infant multiple times through Jasmine.


 As the records stated, he had found its appearance, voice, and speech to be very similar to that of a female child. Although its temper wasn’t the best, the only impression he had gotten from its was overwhelming cuteness. Not only did he sense no dark or foreboding aura from it, it practically obeyed Jasmine’s every word.


 When he had asked it why it had destroyed the world, it had replied with puffed cheeks that it was because it was sealed for no reason for countless years. Why wouldn’t it take revenge for all the years it had lost?


 However, no matter how hard he recalled their interactions, he just couldn’t imagine the Evil Infant being a “temperamental, egocentric, unreasonable, cruel, and violent” creature.


 Was the record inaccurate, or...


 Was the Evil Infant just pretending all this time!?


 ... but it didn’t matter, or rather, it no longer mattered. Both Jasmine and the Evil Infant had been forever lost to this world.


 [... At first, the devil race was able to push back the god race and gain the upper hand. However, although the Heaven Punishing God Emperor was no more, his divine clan and his divine protectors rallied quickly and unleashed the power they had secreted away all this time... part of the reason the god race was so united was due to the murder of the Creation Goddess of Life... using himself as bait, the Creation God of Order was able to entrap all three Devil Emperors in the Eternal Heaven Thousand Level Realm...]


 [Since then, the devil race suffered defeat after defeat until it turned into a near total collapse... Even then, the Devil Emperors still weren’t able to escape the Eternal Heaven Thousand Level Realm... with no one to guide them, the despairing devils actually chose to release the seal on the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations...]


 [When the Evil Infant appeared, both the gods and the devils wept.]


 [... After hijacking the Devil of Eternal Night, the Evil Infant seized control of the Sky Poison Pearl, targeted every divine and devilish presence in the world, and unleashed Myriad Tribulations...]


 [... a nightmare that was beyond the ability of any language to describe...]


 [The Eternal Heaven Pearl collapsed... not even the Creation God of Order and the three Devil Emperors were able to escape the poisoning... what a sorrowful day it was.]


 [Death... destruction... or maybe even the end of everything?...]


 [The Heretic God... might be the only one who could escape this calamity using the World Piercer... if no one else... we could only pray... that the Heretic God survives as the last hope of the god race...]


 [...]


 After that, all the records regarding the Evil Infant were dyed in a hue of dark despair.


 Had the Heretic God had the World Piercer at the time, he definitely would’ve had a chance at escaping the calamity.


 Unfortunately, no one knew that the Heretic God and the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor had exchanged their Heavenly Profound Treasures with each other as proof of their love. Worse, after the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor was exiled from the world, the utterly disheartened Heretic God had returned the Sky Poison Pearl to the surviving devils of the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor.


 As a result, the Heretic God failed to escape the world-ending calamity and ultimately perished to “Myriad Tribulations”. Before he died, he resealed the exhausted Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations and its puppet, the Devil of Eternal Night (Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign), and left behind all the inheritances necessary to save the world after he was gone.


 On the other hand, thanks to the World Piercer, the Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor everyone thought to be dead survived the harsh environment outside of the Primal Chaos, and even made it back to the world for a time.


 Fate truly was a fickle and unpredictable thing.


 “Phew...” Yun Che exhaled a little to vent the complex feelings circulating inside his heart right now. After that, he gave his scent-filled hand a sniff before slipping it back under Qianye Ying’er’s skirt and restarted his reading once more.


 [Third Heavenly Profound Treasure: Primordial Seal of Life and Death]


 [Birthed from the heart of the Primal Chaos, the Primordial Seal of Life and Death was a manifestation of the oldest of primordial energy. Its energy was linked to the primordial universe, and as long as the primordial universe continued to exist, it would never disappear. Living beings who bathed in its primordial energy were immortal and would never run out of lifespan.]


 [It was held by the Creation Goddess of Life, and she was blessed with its gift of immortality as a matter of course.]


 [... The Primordial Seal of Life and Death vanished after the Creation Goddess of Life had passed away, and it was rumored that the Heavenly Profound Treasure had fallen into the Nine Fiend devil race’s hands... it was a complete tragedy.]


 [Fourth Heavenly Profound Treasure: Eternal Heaven Pearl]


 [Birthed from the gaps of primordial time, it carried a literal world of endless space within it, and its laws of time functioned independently from those of Primal Chaos. It was rumored that it could interfere with and disrupt the laws of time of the Primal Chaos Realm by force.]


 [It was held by the Creation God of Order...]


 [...]


 [... using himself as bait, the Creation God of Order was able to entrap all three Devil Emperors in the Eternal Heaven Thousand Level Realm...]


 [... Due to the effects of Myriad Tribulations, the Eternal Heaven Divine Realm collapsed, and its divine powers were extinguished...]
N0v3lRealm was the platform where this chapter was initially revealed on N0v3l.B1n.

 [There was no telling if its divine light would shine again in the unknown future.]

