

Chapter 503 - Yun Qinghong

  

 The Yun Family household wasn’t huge. After a short walk, Yun Xiao stopped at an elegant courtyard.


 Yun Xiao turned around, and said. “This is my father’s residence. Because of his body, he rarely heads out. At this hour, he should be inside.”


 The courtyard was not big, and as the residence of the family head, there wasn’t any evident difference between it and the surrounding courtyards that could be seen. Yun Che swept his eyes across the surroundings. The traces of footprints here were very sparse; clearly, not many people came to visit normally. And, the Family Head’s residence of a prominent family should be a place that was frequently visited.


 “Let’s head in.”


 Yun Xiao slowly adjusted his breath, allowing his own complexion to look a little better, and then, reached out his hand to touch his back in order to confirm that the new clothes he changed into did not have any traces of bloodstains. Only then did he have a peace of mind, and took two steps forward. Just as he was about to step into the courtyard, however, he realized that Yun Che did not follow after him. Turning his eyes to the side, he saw that Yun Che was currently staring straight to the front, as though he was already out of sorts.


 “Brother Yun, what’s wrong?” Yun Xiao asked.


 Yun Che looked back at him, and then, lightly shook his head. “Nothing much, let’s head in... Hopefully, we’re not interrupting your father from resting.”


 “We won’t. My father doesn’t usually rest at this hour.” Yun Xiao said with a smile, and then, reminded with a soft voice. “You definitely cannot tell my father that my injuries are very severe. Otherwise, if father and mother know about it, they will definitely be unable to sleep in peace for several days.”


 “Mn.” Yun Che promised, and took a step forward. Even Yun Xiao was able to see that he was a little spaced out.


 A small courtyard. A short pavilion. A stone table. Four stone stools. A small field of emerald-green arbors. Next to the arbors, there was a rattan chair which looked a little old. Next to the chair was a weapon rack that looked even older. However, there weren’t any weapons hanging on it, rather, there didn’t seem to be any traces of weapons being hanged there before.


 This was everything which Yun Che saw in the courtyard.


 Yun Xiao stood in front of the main house, and said with light voice. “Father, are you inside? I brought a friend over, he wishes to meet you.”


 A slight movement could be heard from inside the house. Right after, the voice of a middle-aged man sounded. “Oh? A friend? Hoho. This seems to be the first time Xiao’er has ever brought a friend over. Come in then.”


 The voice was very gentle, but was completely un-energetic, revealing a trace of frailness. As a doctor, just by hearing this voice, Yun Che was able to confirm just how unbearable the state of the body of the voice’s owner was. His heart suddenly stirred uncontrollably... to the point where there was a needle-piercing pain in the depths of his heart. Unconsciously, he reached his hand, and pressed it on his own chest, the part where his heart was located...


 He had always believed that the only people who were able to give him such feelings, were his grandfather, little aunt, and Cang Yue whom he had married. He was unable to understand why the frailness that could be heard from the voice of a person he had never met, and had even once hated in secret before, would cause him to feel this slight, yet incomparably heartbreaking pain...


 Could this be... the connection of blood... that was stated in stories...?


 Right now, the person who was only separated by a single wall away from him, whom he only had to take another few simple steps to meet... really was... was...


 “Then we’re going in, Brother Yun... Ah? Brother Yun, Brother Yun?”


 Yun Che looked dumbfoundedly at the front. His eyes had blanked, and his four limbs had stiffened, as though his soul had suddenly left his body. Yun Xiao had to call him continuously three times before he finally regained his senses... Possessing huge, heavenly-breaking guts, he, who dared to single-handedly exterminate an entire Burning Heaven Clan, who dared to break into the Divine Phoenix Sect by himself, when facing this unlatched door which was currently only three steps away from him, his heart was actually beating incomparably haphazardly... That was an incomparably foreign excitement and apprehension he had never felt before. These feelings, were something he couldn’t explain, nor describe...


 He had experienced two lives. In his first life, it was his teacher who raised him up, and in his second life, it was Grandfather Xiao who raised him up... In both lives, he never had any parents; even the foster parents of this life had both left the world before he was consciously aware of his surroundings.


 “Father” was a concept that could not be more familiar for normal people. However, to him, it had been incomparably foreign and distant. From his grandfather, Yun Canghai, he found out the names of his own biological father and mother, and found out the reason they had left him back then. At that time, the hatred he had towards them had completely disappeared, and in his subconsciousness, he was wishing that he could meet them as well.


 However, right now, when he was just about to meet them... Currently his own state of mind that he had thought was as tough as steel was in a huge mess, and was at a complete loss.


 “I’m fine.” Yun Che’s smile was very forced. He tightened his fists, and only then did he realize that his own palms were already completely drenched in sweat. “I have always longed to see Senior Yun, and now that I’m about to see him so suddenly, I’m a little... too excited... Let me calm down for a moment first.”


 “Uh... Is it really this exaggerated?” Yun Xiao scratched his forehead, indicating that he did not really understand.


 Yun Che pressed his hand on his chest. After continuously taking in a few breaths, he then let out a long exhale, and his expression had finally calmed down a little. He looked at the door in front of him for a short moment, and finally said. “Yun Xiao, let us go in.”


 The door was pushed open. With Yun Xiao at the front and Yun Che in the rear, they slowly walked in. Right after, the door was closed. In front of the hardwood table, which was at the side of the door, a figure dressed in green clothes slowly turned around from the table.


 This was a middle-aged man who looked about fifty years old. His face was white, but, even an ordinary person could see that this form of whiteness was paleness due to being ill. As a formidable profound practitioner, his body should have been maintained in an extremely young state in the first place. However, what was seen from his body was an heavily aged state, and even his hair was mixed with about thirty percent of white hair.


 However, these factors were completely unable to conceal the extraordinary temperament which transcended a normal person’s. His forehead, was even more so revealing a very light form of grace and calm. Although his face was drawn with the traces of old age, his facial features still carried a refined look that could hardly be concealed. No matter who it was, they wouldn’t suspect that he was definitely a handsome man who was rarely seen when he was young.


 “Xiao’er greets father... Father, are you currently drawing?” Yun Xiao asked when he saw the paper on the table.


 After Yun Che entered, his gaze had been looking at the green-clothed man unblinkingly, and the green-clothed man was similarly sizing him up as well. He did not give Yun Xiao a direct reply, and instead gave a smiling nod. “Xiao’er, is this the friend you were talking about? His looks are unordinary, while his temperament and bearing are even more extraordinary... I wonder how I should address you?”


 After Yun Che entered, he did not immediately give his greetings. Facing his question, he was startled and had entirely blanked for a few seconds. When he finally managed to calm himself down, he slightly arched his body, and politely said. “This junior is surnamed Yun, with the given name Che. This junior has always longed to meet the Yun Family of Demon Imperial City, so when I saw Senior Yun for the first time, I lost a little of my composure. I hope senior will forgive me for my disrespect.”


 “Oh? Your surname is Yun as well?” Yun Qinghong’s forehead loosened, as he gave a slight smile. “Yun... Che. Hoho, a good name. What a really good name. When your parents gave you this name, they must have hoped that you would live a worriless life without experiencing any suffering or illness. Hoho... cough, cough... Cough, cough, cough...”


 Yun Qinghong simply gave a light smile, but immediately after, he began to cough severely. Yun Xiao hurriedly stepped forward, and anxiously said. “Father, are you alright...? Have you drank the medicine today?”


 Very quickly, Yun Qinghong recovered. Lightly waving his hands, he said with a smile. “Your father is fine. The medicine that I should have taken had naturally been taken as well. Otherwise, your mother wouldn’t forgive me... Oh?”


 Yun Qinghong’s expression suddenly underwent a slight change, as he instantly grabbed onto Yun Xiao’s hand. “You’re injured. What happened?”


 “Uh, it’s not really a huge injury...” Initially, Yun Xiao hesitated. However, knowing that he was unable to hide the matter till the very end, in an evasive manner, he gave a brief recount of the incident, where he encountered an assassination when he was meeting with Number Seven Under Heaven outside the city. “...The person they wanted to kill was Seventh Sister, and had even clearly specified that they wouldn’t harm me. But back then, the situation was really extremely dangerous. Fortunately...” Yun Xiao pointed at Yun Che. “Fortunately, Brother Yun lent a helping hand. Otherwise, the outcome would have been unimaginable. Their target was Seventh Sister, so I have only received a little small injury, it’s not that severe. Look, I’m still lively right now.”


 Yun Xiao’s wounds were naturally not light. If his clothes were removed, it would still be possible to see a dripping red bloody hole on his back. However, looking from the outside, it was after all, merely an exterior wound. Not to mention, it had even stabilized, and it was sufficient to fully recover within a single month. What Yun Che was more worried about, was Yun Qinghong... He was actually only able to find out that Yun Xiao was injured at such a close distance, it could be imagined just how dull his spiritual sense had become... Yun Xiao was unable to see how severe and dire Yun Qinghong’s current situation was, and Yun Qinghong naturally wouldn’t allow Yun Xiao to find out either. However, it was impossible to escape from his eyes...


 He was very sure that, if this continued, Yun Qinghong basically wouldn’t live past another three years.


 Yun Qinghong himself, should be aware of this in his heart as well.


 Hearing Yun Xiao’s words, Yun Qinghong’s brows tightly knitted, and did not say a word for a moment, as though he was pondering on something. After that, he gave Yun Che a light smile, and raised his own hands towards him. “Little brother, thank you for the kindness of saving my son’s life. My body is in an inconvenient state, so...”


 The moment Yun Qinghong raised his hands, Yun Che jumped to the side out of shock. He definitely dared to accept respects from even the king of heavens himself, however, he definitely couldn’t bear to accept it from this person in front him. Before he could even finish, Yun Che hurriedly said. “Se... Senior, this won’t do. Saving Yun Xiao merely took a small effort on my part, it definitely isn’t worthy of having such great respects from senior. There’s completely no need for senior to take it into heart.”


 Yin Qinghong slightly blanked for a moment. He was simply planning on giving a bow with his fist cupped, which was a concept so distant from the words “great respects”. And he had even saved his son’s life, so giving a hundred thankful bows wouldn’t even be exaggerated. Yun Che’s reaction had truly shocked and puzzled him.


 Yun Xiao was also puzzled from Yun Che’s exaggerated reaction. However, after pondering for a moment, he suddenly realized something, and hurriedly explained to Yun Qinghong. “Father, it’s actually like this. On the way here, we have already agreed. After greeting you, Brother Yun and I will be becoming sworn brothers. If that’s the case, my parents, will also be Brother Yun’s parents... That’s why, Brother Yun definitely wouldn’t dare to accept father’s thanks.”


 “Oh? Becoming sworn brothers?” Yun Qinghong looked towards Yun Che, and then nodded with a smile. “I see. Great... excellent... Xiao’er has a stubborn temper, so he usually spends his time alone. If he has a friend who he can mutually rely on, then things couldn’t be better. As his parents, we will be happy and feel at ease as well.”


 Although Yin Qinghong’s expression showed approval and joy, Yun Che could clearly see doubts in his eyes. Indeed, as someone who had just suddenly appeared, whose identity and background were unknown, whom he had only met for a single day... being suspicious and vigilant was the most common reaction.


 “Father, let me tell you this, Brother Yun is truly incredible! The three people who attacked us were all level one Overlords. Brother Yun simply used a single move, and easily killed one of them, causing the other two to wet their pants out of fright and run with their tails between their legs! Furthermore, Brother Yun is only twenty-two years old today, merely a few months older than me. Even if it’s Su Zhizhan of the Su Family, he definitely wasn’t as amazing as Brother Yun when he was twenty-two years old... Uhh, father? Father, what are you thinking about?”


 When Yun Xiao was speaking excitedly, he realized that Yun Qinghong’s eyes were looking straight at Yun Che, and his expression was a little dazed. Under his call, Yun Qinghong retracted his gaze, and said with a smile. “Nothing much, I simply felt that little brother Yun is a little familiar all of a sudden.”
Ñøv€lRapture marked the initial hosting of this chapter on Ñôv€lß¡n.

 Yun Che: “...”


 “Familiar? Uh, that’s impossible though... This is still the first time Brother Yun has left his sect to train, and it’s even more so his first time in Demon Imperial City. Father, you must have definitely remembered wrongly.” Yun Xiao said.


 “Hoho, the familiarity father is speaking of, is that little brother Yun... looks a lot like me when I was young. After saying this out, he really looks even more similar.”


 Yun Che: “...”


 “Really?” Yun Xiao looked at Yun Qinghong, and then looked at Yun Che. Then suddenly, he broke into a grin and said. “Heh! Father, earlier, you even said that Brother Yun looked extraordinary, now, you even suddenly said that Brother Yun looks like you when you were young... You’re clearly trying to brag about yourself. Mother had said that you were very smug when you were young; as expected, she wasn’t the least bit wrong about you.”


 “Hahahaha...” Yun Qinghong laughed out loud from Yun Xiao’s words. However, after he had only laughed for a few short moments, he was suddenly out of breath, and began to cough severely. “Cough... cough, cough... cough, cough, cough...”


 “Ah! Father!” Yun Xiao was startled, and then, he pressed his palm on Yun Qinghong’s back. However, the moment he was about to circulate his profound energy, his back and internal organs began to ache in intense pain. His expression instantly paled, his body wobbled, and the wound on his back was even close to splurging out blood.


 Fortunately, Yun Qinghong did not sense his abnormal behavior, as he said with a wave of his hand. “I’m fine. This is merely an old ailment. It’s not like you don’t know about it either... little brother Yun, this Yun’s body has been ill for many years. For providing you with such bad hospitality, it sure is embarrassing.”


 Yun Che shook his head. “Senior, not at all...” Seeing Yun Qinghong’s currentstate, his hands trembled. In the end, he was no longer able to endure it, as he took a step forward, and said. “Senior Yun, do you mind letting me take a look at your injury? This junior has learned medical skills from my teacher, and can be said to have small achievements in it. There’s a possibility that I might be able to ease senior’s illness.”

