

Chapter 683 - The Old Man Duotian of Legend

  

 On the edge of Profound Sky Continent, in a place that was always peaceful.


 “Everything you have said... it’s all true?”


 WIthin a mysterious space that floated within the air, it was so quiet that it was as if everything was completely frozen. Underneath the gigantic Sun Moon Totem stood a tall person. He wore white clothes, and lacked any aura on his body; the light and darkness from the Sun Moon Totem shone onto his average face that lacked any unique features. He looked to be around thirty to forty years old, but his eyes contained incomprehensible deepness.


 In front of him, the Sun Moon Divine Hall’s ninth elder, Ye Guying, had his head bowed low. He was trying his hardest to hold his aura, and even his breath in... Under the heavens, there was only one person that could make him act so subserviently.


 The master of the Sun Moon Divine Hall... Ye Xinghan’s biological father... The person that was listed alongside the Saint Emperor, the Sovereign of the Seas, and the Sword Master as the current Four Hegemons... The one with the title of “Heavenly Monarch”—Ye Meixie!


 Towards the doubt of the white-robed person, Ye Guying’s body subconsciously moved forward, and said respectfully, “In response to the Heavenly Monarch, there is not a single word of lie from what Guying just said! Creating a world, breaking the void, an aura that covers the heavens, creating a fire from nothingness... If Guying were to merely hear about them, he would never believe these levels of profound strength that can be considered myths. But Guying has seen all these! Young Master, Juanyun, and Shuran were all present; it’s not the least bit false. Even if Guying were a thousand times more courageous, he would never dare lie to Heavenly Monarch about these things.”


 Ye Meixie had his back towards Ye Guying. His head was slightly raised as he looked up into the Sun Moon Totem that was high up in the clouds, releasing eternal light. “Guying, you have always been calm and prudent and your thoughts are always detailed. Since you saw it with your own eyes, and have said it yourself, I naturally will not doubt it. It’s just that I never thought that such an existence had hid itself in this world.”


 “If I didn’t see it with my own eyes, I wouldn’t dare to believe either.” The scenes in front of the Frozen Cloud Divine Hall surfaced in his mind, causing Ye Guying’s face to be unable to control the deep respect and fear on his face. “That Yun Che was useless six years ago, this point is definitely true, but three years ago, with the powers of the Earth Profound Realm, he single-handedly defeated ten of the Divine Phoenix Sect’s younger generation. All of them were powerful people of the Emperor Profound Realm as well. Only three years have elapsed, but he can now kill two mid-stage Overlords of our Sun Moon Divine Hall! When I found out about it, I was shocked and couldn’t comprehend how this was possible, but after seeing that terrifying master, I actually understood... Only with the guidance of such a master beyond this world could a freak that defied logic like Yun Che appear.”


 Ye Meixie’s expression didn’t change. He slightly raised his head and said faintly, “Then did you manage to get that person’s name?”


 “Yes!” Ye Guying nodded slowly, “I risked the danger of angering him and asked for his name. He didn’t avoid it at all and directly told me that his name was ‘Duotian’...”


 The moment the words “Duotian” came out of his mouth, Ye Guying felt a sudden movement of profound energy on Ye Meixie’s body. Ye Meixie’s half-shut eyes suddenly opened as and he forcefully turned around. “What did you say? Duotian?! You’re sure it’s Duotian?!”


 Ye Meixie’s reaction shocked Ye Guying. In a thousand years, he had never seen the Heavenly Monarch that looked down upon the world reveal such a violent reaction, so he quickly answered, “He said it himself. With his level, since he said it, then he would not use a false name.”


 An unnatural movement appeared in Ye Meixie’s eyes. His aura was still scattered everywhere. “But did he say how long he has lived for?”


 “He did not,” Ye Guying replied . “However, he mentioned the words ‘ten thousand years ago’ inadvertently... With his terrifying realm, it might be possible that he really has lived for more than ten thousand years. Heavenly Monarch, could it be that you have once heard of the name ‘Duotian.’”


 Ye Meixie looked directly at Ye Guying. From the movement of his soul, he could be sure that, at the very least, Ye Guying did not lie at all. After quite a while, he turned around, his voice slow and distant, “In an era long ago, which is at least ten thousand years in the past, at the time, the name of Sun Moon Divine Hall was not yet known to the world.. The founder of our Divine Hall, Ye Qihun, was only a hundred years old, and his profound energy level was only just in the Monarch Profound Realm. At the time, whether they were commoners or people of the profound way, there was a single name that everyone knew...”


 “Old Man Duotian!”


 “Old Man... Duotian? Ten thousand years ago...” Ye Guying suddenly raised his head and exclaimed, “Could it be...”


 “In the knowledge of the current profound practitioners, the Monarch Profound Realm is the peak of mankind. The Divine Profound Realm only exists in legends, a realm that could never be achieved. However, in the memories passed down by our ancestors, the name “Divine Profound Realm” did not appear after the Phoenix Spirit’s appearance five thousand years ago, even though it was passed down from ten thousand years ago. This was because, at the time, ‘Old Man Duotian’ was someone said to have surpassed the Monarch Profound Realm and was half-step into the Divine Profound Realm!”


 “Divine Profound... Realm!” Ye Guying muttered.


 “In that era, the cultivation of Old Man Duotian was at the peak and was on a miraculous level. Don’t talk about someone that could rival him, no one who could even pose him a threat existed.. It was even more impossible for someone to kill him.”


 “Then what happened to this Old Man Duotian later? Since no one can kill him, then did he die of old age, or... or...” After the initial shock, Ye Guying’s heart had gradually come to a conclusion... Yun Che’s master proclaimed himself as “Duotian”, and had shocking powers. The person that the Heavenly Monarch called “Old Man Duotian,” the former has lived for at least ten thousand years, the latter’s name trembled the world ten thousand years ago...
Embark on an odyssey to the core at Nøv€lß¡n#★

 “Duotian”, is the ‘Old Man Duotian’ from ten thousand years ago”!?


 “No!” Ye Meixie shook his head lightly. “All traces of him just vanished into thin air one day. No one has ever saw him afterwards, nor did anyone know where he went either. it was as if he suddenly completely disappeared from the Profound Sky Continent. Not long after, a rumor spread through the Profound Sky Continent: The Heavenly Old Man had a sudden insight and formally stepped into the Divine Profound Realm from being just half a step in and became the first Profound God in the history of the Profound Sky Continent. Receiving unparalleled divine powers through understanding the highest laws, he broke through the void and rose into a higher-leveled world of the profound way.


 “From then on, Old Man Duotian never appeared again, nor did a second ‘Old Man Duotian’ appear. The only thing that was half a step into the Divine Profound Realm, the Phoenix Spirit, is not human either. After ten thousand years, it’s enough for any traces to be long forgotten. The people from the age of ‘Old Man Duotian’ have long since scattered to ashes. Old Man Duotian was completely forgotten, and the legend of the Monarch Divine Realm being the limit of humans has become more and more firmly entrenched. If it wasn’t for the memories of the ancestors being passed along each generation to never be forgotten, including me, no one would know the name “Old Man Duotian’ in this world.”


 Ye Meixie’s expression became more and more sullen. As someone who had thought himself as invincible, suddenly finding out about a hidden existence on a higher level in this world, his mood naturally would not be good. He said softly, “If they are both named “Duotian,” then the name might just be a coincidence, but with over ten thousand years of age and incomprehensible power, it definitely is so simple, that this Duotian, might very well be the ‘Old Man Duotian’ from our ancestor’s memories!”


 Although he already thought this before, Ye Guying’s eyelids still jumped. A person that was invincible throughout the world ten thousand years ago, with half a step into the Divine Profound Realm, who might have even completely entered it... Then ten thousand years later, it was extremely hard to imagine how terrifying he was!


 No wonder, with the flames he lit from his fingers, he was able to turn a powerful monarch into nothing.


 “From your description, this guess has at least a seventy percent chance of being true, “Ye Meixie said with a frown. “Who would have thought that the Old Man Duotian ten thousand years ago did not rise to a higher-level world, but had never left the Profound Sky Continent! Perhaps, one day, he suddenly had a complete understanding. Thus, he erased all traces of himself and ignored the world... Until today, he still lives in this world. If he really reached the level in legends, then having a lifespan greater than ten thousand years is definitely not impossible!”


 “It can’t be wrong. That is definitely a realm surpassing the Monarch Profound Realm!” Ye Guying, who has always been careful and never said absolute things, said with a tone beyond absolute certainty, “Guying has cultivated for thousands of years and is only a step away from the late stage of the Monarch Profound Realm. He assumed that he could look down on the entire Profound Sky Continent, but in front of that person’s aura, I felt like I was as tiny as a child. My body shuddered uncontrollably, and I could not even keep calm. If it wasn’t for the absolute suppression of realms, it would be impossible!”


 “Absolute Monarch Sanctuary has ten odd people in the Monarch Profound Realm, and only with a lot of time and effort could they build up a spatial profound formation and seal it into the bracelet... But it could only be used once! Yet that person, he entered the Primordial Profound Ark with just his body and brought Yun Che back out without harm! This is clearly the power to shatter the void which is only possessed by the gods of legend!”


 From what he had seen with his own eyes, heard with his own ears, in combination with the name “Old Man Duotian” that Ye Meixie described in person, the more Ye Guying thought about it, the more shocked he was. Cold sweat began to dribble down from his forehead... They actually pissed off such a character that they really were incredibly fortunate to be able to come back alive.


 Ye Meixie remained in silent for a long time, then said calmly, “Tell the entire hall later, that no one, before I remove the order, is allowed to provoke Yun Che, including those he’s affiliated with.”


 “Understood!” Ye Guying raised his head and listened to the orders. Right now, even if he was three times more daring, he would not dare to step into Frozen Cloud Divine Hall ever again. After a bit of hesitation, he said carefully, “Heavenly Monarch, do we need to loosen the relationship with Yun Che? After all, the Young Master and Yun Che already have deep rooted grudges. Yet the person behind Yun Che is that Old Man Duotian. If this grudge isn’t resolved, I fear...”


 Ye Meixie turned his face over and looked with eyes like frozen swords, “You’re scared?”


 Ye Guying laughed wryly and said, “In response to the Heavenly Monarch, Guying was fortunate in this life to become a person of the Divine Hall and stand at the peak of the world. I am now one thousand and three hundred years old and never knew what ‘fear’ was. However, that Old Man Duotian, truly made me afraid.”


 He was already addressing Yun Che’s “master” directly as “Old Man Duotian,” so it was clear that he subconsciously believed it all already.

