

Chapter 1981 - “White Big Sister”

Chapter 1981 - “White Big Sister”

Partially Edited Chapter - Rubble

A slender figure passed through the thick sand and landed in front of the grievously wounded man. She reached out to support him but hesitated not because she didn’t want to help, but because she was worried he would die if she did. The wind whipping her cloak all over the place seemed to be hurting her heart as well.

“Junior Sister Lingzhu!” It was at this moment Mo Cangying appeared next to her and grabbed her arm. “It’s obvious from his attire that he’s from the beyond. We are taking an unnecessary risk here.”

“Also,” he shot the unconscious man a glance before saying, “It’d be a complete waste of time and energy to try and save him. It’s obvious he’s going to die. He might have been walking earlier, but that’s because he was experiencing terminal lucidity. I wouldn’t be surprised if he dies any second now.”

Mo Cangying looked puzzled even as he tried to persuade his junior sister from this foolishness. He thought he knew Helian Lingzhu quite well as a person. He also knew that she wasn’t someone who would blindly succumb to the goodness in her heart. After all, she was born in a royal family where constant strife and politics was the norm.

Helian Lingzhu herself thought that she had acted rashly. Even she was surprised by her own actions. Despite this, she tried to explain herself, “I took a peek at him out of curiosity just now, and I noticed that his eyes were proud despite his horrid state. I’m sure from my years of experience that he’s no ordinary person.”

“Moreover, he’s a peak Divine Sovereign despite being so young… what if, and I’m just saying, but what if he’s a denizen of a Kingdom of God? It wouldl be a massive boon to us if we save him, right?”

“If we leave him here, he’s definitely going to die from abyssal dust considering his wounds.”

Mo Cangying frowned and tried to say something, but Helian Lingzhu was already lifting the unconscious man to his feet. She paid no attention to the dry blood dirtying her hands and her shirt.

Mo Cangying immediately picked up the unconscious man so that Helian Lingzhu wouldn’t have to. His gaze softened as he said, “It looks like your kind nature will never change no matter what storms you go through. Very well. We’ll take him back with us.”

He added after a pause, “Hopefully, he won’t die before we get him help and waste your kindness.”

Helian Lingzhu stared at the unconscious man for a second as if she wanted to get a good look at his face, but she quickly looked away and schooled her features into a smile. “You’re the same as well, Ninth Senior Brother. No matter how stern you act, you always indulge me in my whims of fancy.”

A woman’s intuition was a very peculiar thing. For example, Helian Lingzhu strongly felt that this grievously wounded man was no ordinary person even though she had only glimpsed him once from afar.

So, they resumed their journey back to the “capital” they spoke of while Mo Cangying carried the unconscious man.

The sandstorms slowly but surely subsided as they departed the center of the desert. From time to time, Helian Lingzhu would inspect the wounded man’s aura.

Two hours passed, four hours passed… Although the man’s aura remained as feeble as a child, it never completely stopped burning.

Mo Cangying had thought that the unconscious man would die within an hour at most. He was beyond stunned, of course.

What Mo Cangying or Helian Lingzhu didn’t know was that the “unconscious” man had, in fact, not lost consciousness. He had been awake this whole time.

An unfamiliar world, an environment I’ve never experienced before…

So this is the world known as the Abyss.

I did it.

This first step has cost me dearly, but I still did it.

Yun Che kept a tight rein on his emotions as he slowly began circulating the profound energy in his internal organs.

He had awoken in this lifeless desert with unbelievably powerful sandstorms. It was as if the desert itself was trying to bury him in the sand for eternity.

His wounds might look terrifying from the outside, but it was only the outside. His internal injuries were far lighter than his external injuries.

He did not try to heal his external injuries though. A maimed appearance might not be enough to earn someone’s pity, but it was definitely good enough to lower their guard.

What he needed now wasn’t help, but a chance to fit into this world seamlessly.

However…

Yun Che still did not open his eyes. He just passively sensed his saviors’ auras and spied on their conversation.

I’m an invader.

Everyone and everything in this world is my sworn enemy!

If I cannot annihilate this world, then my world is the one that will be annihilated!

This was the one thing he must never forget no matter who or what he faced in this world.

His consciousness entered the Sky Poison Pearl’s space.

Without He Ling, the Sky Poison Pearl was just a dim and lifeless world.

“Aiya! Master, you’re finally awake. Is this strange world we’re in the one you call the ‘Abyss’?”

If there was one thing he was thankful for, it was that Hong’er was still the same as ever. Nothing seemed to be able to bring her down.

“That’s right.” Yun Che walked over and gave Hong’er and You’er a head rub. “This is the Abyss, a world that’s completely different from the one we know.”

His eyes were tinged with sadness. “Here, there are only you two to keep me company.”

You’er grabbed his hand and rubbed a silky white cheek against his palm.

Yun Che thought she was worried about his injuries, so he comforted her, “Relax. I’m completely fine. I’m not treating my external injuries not because I can’t, but because I want to keep it that way.”

“We know.” Hong’er blinked her vermillion eyes cutely. “White Big Sister has already treated you before. It’s why You’er and I aren’t worried in the slightest.”

“... !?” Confusion riddled Yun Che’s features before he realized something. “White Big Sister?”

During the final battle against Mo Beichen, he had suffered tremendous injuries but awakened in just a matter of days. He discovered that his injuries were largely healed as well, far more so than they should have.

It was the same this time!

Yun Che crouched down and asked patiently, “Hong’er, who is this ‘White Big Sister’?”

“What do you mean? White Big Sister is White Big Sister!” Hong’er replied seriously, “Her clothes are white, herskin is white, she’s even glowing a pretty white color… that’s why she’s the White Big Sister!”

You’er nodded in agreement beside Hong’er.

“What does she look like? Is she someone I ran into in the past?” Yun Che continued to prod.

“What does she look like? Um…” Hong’er scrunched her eyebrows in thought before shaking her head. “I couldn’t see her clearly, all I know is that she’s real white. Her voice is incredibly nice though. She even told us not to tell you about her exis… Eh?”

Hong’er suddenly realized something and covered her mouth with both hands. It was clear from her wide open eyes that she knew she had screwed up.

Yun Che was shocked to say the least. “She told you? She can enter the Sky Poison Pearl’s space?”

What’s going on? This is the Sky Poison Pearl. Without my permission, no one should be able to enter this place besides me, He Ling, Hong’er and You’er.

“... What else did she tell you?” Yun Che extended a finger and poked Hong’er in her cute little nose. “If you tell me, I’ll let you eat the Vermillion Shadow Evil Rainbow Sword. I know you’ve been eying it for a long time.”

Hong’er’s eyes immediately shone like gemstones. She dropped her hands faster than You’er could blink and said, “R-really!? You better not break your word, master! Erm… White Big Sister didn’t really talk to us that often, but let’s see… the first time she appeared, I think she said something like… ‘that little blue dragon is devoted and pure-hearted… I suppose it’s fine keeping her alive…’ hum…”

You’er nodded again.

Yun Che: “!!”

“Oh right!” Hong’er suddenly launched into another animated outburst, “There are some things White Big Sister told me that I remember very clearly! She said she has always been around, she just cannot show herself because of Sister He Ling. It is only after Sister He Ling is gone that she can ma… manifest herself? I think that’s what she said…”

“... !?” This time, Yun Che was silent for a very long time.

Suddenly, Yun Che rose to his feet and spread his spiritual perception across the entire Sky Poison Pearl. He then asked, “Who are you? Please show yourself.”

He did not receive a response despite waiting for a long time.

While keeping his voice as calm and amiable as possible, he continued, “You’re the one who saved the Blue Dragon Emperor and treated my injuries in secret. I know you’re not malicious toward me, nor are you my enemy. I do not believe you have a reason to hide yourself. Please show yourself so I may thank you in person at least.”

The Blue Dragon Emperor should have died, but she had been saved by an unknown woman who uses light profound energy!

His unnaturally swift recovery was all thanks to her as well.

And now Hong’er was saying that she had existed in the Sky Poison Pearl all this time without him knowing?

What did Hong’er say again? She’s always been around? She cannot manifest so long as He Ling existed?

It was clear that He Ling had no idea that this unknown woman existed either. Otherwise, she would’ve told him already. Except that one time, she had never hidden anything from him.

All kinds of speculations and possibilities mingled disjointedly in his brain until all that was left was an irresolvable mess.

Light profound energy…

There should not exist a third person who could use light profound energy besides her and Shen Xi, but it couldn’t be Shen Xi. She wouldn’t be able to enter the Sky Poison Pearl’s space, and even if she could, there was no way Hong’er wouldn’t recognize her.

So who? Who could it be!?

“There’s no point shouting, master. White Big Sister can’t hear you,” Hong’er said with a giggle and a growing drool on the corner of her lip.

“Why’s that?” Yun Che looked down on the girl.

“Slurp!” Hong’er sucked her saliva back into her mouth before pouting, “It’s because White Big Sister said she needed to sleep after healing you. In fact, she’s going to have to sleep for many days… Aiya! Can we stop talking about White Big Sister already? I want the sword! Gimme the sword gimme the sword gimme the sword gimme the sword gimme the sword gimme the sword gimme the sword already!”

She kept shaking Yun Che’s hand while begging him to feed her.

Yun Che withdrew his consciousness. In the end, he was unable to identify any unusual presence in the Sky Poison Pearl.

No wonder… I was wondering why my internal injuries are so light despite my external injuries. Someone has treated me already.

“Fine, fine.” Yun Che summoned the Vermillion Shadow Evil Rainbow Sword Hong’er had been eying for a long time with a wave, and the girl immediately let out a cry of delight. She immediately hugged the sword before chowing down like no tomorrow. Divine metal clashed against pearly teeth, and pearly teeth won.

At the side, You’er was watching Hong’er quietly with both hands on her cheeks. She didn’t eat swords, but she enjoyed how happy her twin looked when she ate.Unearth this data, retracing it to the very heart of Nøv€lß¡n★

By now, Mo Cangying and Helian Lingzhu had left the desert. It wasn’t long before Yun Che started picking up human auras in his vicinity. Another hour later, a massive city rose from the horizon.

“Let’s return to the sect first,” Helian Lingzhu shot Yun Che a look while feeling a massive wave of relief.

Against all odds, the grievously wounded man had survived his wounds and the corrosion of the abyssal dust nine whole hours without dying. Once they were at the sect, the air would be much cleaner, and his chances of surviving this should skyrocket.

“Very well!” Mo Cangying did not disagree. The two of them made way for the most populated area of the city.

Mo Cangying was still carrying Yun Che with one hand. From the beginning until the end, he had never cared if he lived or died. The only reason he saved him was to indulge in Helian Lingzhu’s whim of fancy.

Of course, neither Mo Cangying nor Helian Lingzhu could ever imagine that the random man they “saved” would be the one to rip the fate of their entire world to shreds…

