

Chapter 1521 - Dead End, Dead Love (1)

 An impossible amount of darkness profound energy danced across everyone’s pupils like a ghost.


 “Darkness profound energy... It’s darkness profound energy!”


 “A... A devil person?”


 “Devil! He’s a devil!”


 Everyone’s expression changed drastically at this. Even the three god emperors who had driven Yun Che to this state were shocked by his transformation. Of course, the Eternal Heaven God Emperor was the most shocked of them all.


 Everyone knew that darkness profound energy was negative profound energy that defied the righteous way of the world. It was a power that belonged to the devils only, a power that shouldn’t exist in the world!


 And all those who possessed darkness profound energy were unquestionably devils!


 “How... how can this be?” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor was completely stunned. He simply couldn’t believe what he was seeing.


 In his opinion, Yun Che was undoubtedly the best of the younger generation and a man who deserved all his praise. As the owner of a “sacred heart” and the Heretic God’s divine power, his future was also limitless...


 That was why he never imagined that Yun Che would possess darkness profound energy! He never imagined that he was one of the most intolerable heretics in the world!


 “He’s a devil! Yun Che’s a devil!!” Honorable Tai Yu shouted.


 “Brother Yun, you...” Zhou Qingchen took a step back with a twisted expression on his face.


 Next to Yun Che, Xia Qingyue had also moved far, far behind him with a frown that was full of shock... and suspicion.


 “Hahahaha.” The Southern Sea God Emperor might be the only person in this situation who could laugh to his heart’s content. “No wonder! No wonder he tried to protect the Evil Infant with his life and tried to kill even a world-renowned person like the Eternal Heaven God Emperor... He’s a devil person hiding in the Eastern Divine Region! He’s a devil just like the Evil Infant!”


 Beside him, God Emperor Shitian bared his teeth and said, “Now this is an eye opener.”


 “You... you’re a... devil!” the Dragon Monarch said with great difficulty. His facial changes were greater than anyone present. He was shocked by this discovery, but his inability to accept the fact that Yun Che was a devil far outweighed his shock.


 In that moment, he actually preferred when Yun Che was still the magnificent God Child Messiah whom even realm kings must worship!


 “How can... this be...” Countless realm kings were asking the exact same thing.


 “Heh... hehe...” Yun Che was still laughing. His laugh sounded like a devil’s, and the black energy surrounding him was growing increasingly distorted.


 He had been careful not to reveal his darkness profound energy ever since he set foot in the God Realm. The longer he stayed here, the more he realized that revealing his darkness profound energy was the one thing he should never do.


 But at the same time, the risk of being discovered had never been part of his concern. Unlike other devils, he had absolute control over his darkness profound energy and could conceal it perfectly. It was impossible for anyone to find any darkness profound energy in him unless he revealed it himself.


 But when his hatred and anger had erupted in full, the darkness profound formation Jie Yuan had sealed in his heart had come to life and triggered all of his darkness profound energy at once.


 But Yun Che didn’t panic, and he definitely wasn’t afraid or shocked. As his black hair floated behind his head, he swept a black glance across everyone in front of him and sneered scornfully and coldly, “That’s right... I’m a devil... I am a devil!”


 He had darkness profound energy even before he came to the God Realm, but he had never thought himself to be a devil. In fact, he subconsciously disliked the very concept of “devil” quite a bit.


 But at this moment, he would rather call himself a devil!


 It was because he realized that these so-called righteous people who swore that they would never coexist with a devil were much more filthier than all the devils he had encountered in his life!


 “The Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor is a devil... and she buried herself and her entire race to protect the world!”


 “Jasmine is a devil! And she used the Evil Infant’s Wheel of Myriad Tribulations to save you all from the brink of death!!”
The initial instance of this chapter being available happened at N0v3l.Bin.

 “I’m a devil too... and it is I who saved the Primal Chaos and averted a calamity!”


 “The Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor is gone now, and Jasmine is dead and even slandered as the ‘ultimate evil’. I supposed it’s my turn now.”


 Yun Che said slowly, “I saved the entire world and all your lives, but I deserve to die just because I’m a devil... Meanwhile, an ungrateful, despicable oathbreaking dog is treated as a saint who benefited the whole world just because he killed a devil... Wonderful, how wonderful, I just can’t get enough of your ugly faces and so-called righteousness... Just wonderful... so these are the people Jasmine and I did everything in our power to save, a group of dogs... hehe... ahahahaha...”


 Yun Che’s comment was as scathing as they came. Many Divine Masters had looked away while feeling a cramp in their hearts.


 “Sigh. This is truly ironic,” Honorable Tai Yu said. “Who knew that the God Child Messiah would be a devil person? This would be the greatest joke in the world if it were allowed to spread.”


 Qianye Fantian said calmly, “The Heaven Smiting Devil Emperor’s return and the title ‘God Child Yun’ will not be spread in the God Realm. As for the Evil Infant... she was destroyed by the Eternal Heaven God Emperor. No one else should claim this credit.”


 Everyone understood his meaning, of course. The realm kings of the Easter Divine Region nodded in unison.


 They would never allow the world to know that they had once worshipped the “God Child Messiah”, a devil person... much less the fact that this devil person and the Evil Infant were the ones who had saved the entire God Realm.


 Behind Yun Che, Xia Qingyue stared wordlessly at him. Right now, it felt like countless wraiths were struggling and howling from inside Yun Che’s body. It had been barely a hundred breaths since that turning point, but... it was apparently enough time to make Yun Che feel complete despair and disappointment toward the whole world.


 Had things devolved to this state because Yun Che had tried to kill the Eternal Heaven God Emperor and take revenge for the Evil Infant? No, of course not. Everyone here owed their lives to Jasmine and Yun Che. They also owed them the saving of the world. Anyone with even the tiniest bit of conscience wouldn’t forget this for their entire lives.


 The people who really drove Yun Che to a dead end were the Dragon Monarch, the Brahma Heaven God Emperor, and the Southern Sea God Emperor. Their strength, status, and authority were the greatest in this world. Alone their wills would’ve been difficult to disobey, but when all three of them suddenly joined hands and attacked one person...


 Who in the world could defy them? Who would even dare to defy them!?


 (Even if they knew that this was the definition of biting the hand that feeds them, and hitting a person while they were down.)


 Moreover, supposing that everyone had acted the way they did earlier because they were given no choice, and that they were ashamed of their actions... now, they had all the reason they need to condemn Yun Che because he had revealed his darkness profound energy. Suddenly, it became perfectly normal, or even righteous to condemn Yun Che!


 “...” Xia Qingyue’s eyes slowly turned cold and focused. It was as if they had transformed into a pair of eerie, dark lakes.


 A dozen or so profound energies attacked Yun Che from multiple directions at once, and not a single one was within Yun Che’s ability to endure. The pressure alone made Yun Che feel like he was being crushed by a million mountains. Let alone escaping, it was impossible to move even his little finger.


 The darkness profound formation in front of his chest vanished, and the darkness profound energy that was running rampant around his body earlier was completely suppressed. However, his eyes still glinted with a light that was as dark as the abyss.


 “Take him down!” The Dragon Monarch growled out the order!


 It didn’t matter who Yun Che was or what he did now. There was no such thing as an excessive order when a devil person was involved!


 Yun Che also acted the moment the Dragon Monarch had opened his mouth. “Kill them!”


 If Yun Che hadn’t revealed his darkness profound energy, he wouldn’t be at a complete dead end. But the moment his darkness profound energy had erupted, he knew that there was almost no chance he would escape alive today... it was because he was a devil person, and in this world absolutely everyone had a righteous reason to kill him!


 Jie Yuan’s mysterious “seed” was the culprit behind the activation of his darkness profound energy. Of course, Jie Yuan couldn’t have predicted the seed to come active right after her departure, and in such a violent fashion no less.


 Of course, Yun Che wasn’t going to blame Jie Yuan for this. There was no living being in the entire world who had the right to put the blame on her.


 The darkness profound energy wasn’t just dancing across his body, it was also engulfing his mind and his already scarce reason after the death of Jasmine... So he wasn’t thinking about how he should deal with this situation or escape the encirclement. All that was left in him was absolute hatred, fury, and a killing intent that could devour everything.


 Unfortunately, his power wasn’t strong enough to kill anyone present. He might not even be able to put up a commendable struggle.


 Even more ironic was the fact that the only power he could rely on was Qianye Ying’er!


 Although all three god emperors were present right now, and it was only a matter of time before Qianye Ying’er was suppressed... she should still be able to take a couple of people down with her! Not to mention that the order Yun Che gave her was to kill them at all costs, including her life!


 He had never loved Qianye Ying’er in any way, so her death meant nothing to him!


 Qianye Ying’er obeyed his orders as golden aura burst out of her body. The power she displayed shocked the realm kings and even the god emperors.


 A very long time ago, it was already rumored that the Brahma Monarch Goddess was almost as strong as the Brahma Heaven God Emperor himself. However, Qianye Ying’er had never been fond of flaunting her powers, so the rumors were never verified. No one dared to underestimate Qianye Ying’er, but no one really believed that her strength had approached her father’s.


 After all, she wasn’t even a thousand years old. No matter how amazing her talent was, there was no way she could be at the level of god emperor.


 But when Qianye Ying’er went all out... it was clear that she was a peak Divine Master with a god emperor’s pressure!


 She was definitely stronger than the three Brahma Gods who were said to be second only to the Brahma Heaven God Emperor!


 The god emperors abruptly turned their attention to Qianye Ying’er, and nearly a third of the realm kings had backed off in panic.


 Qianye Fantian was the only one who wore an eerie smile on his face and shook his fingers a little.


 Ring!


 A clear, melodious ring suddenly resounded through the vast space... and the terrible pressure coming from Qianye Ying’er suddenly froze without warning.


 Ring!


 Another ring entered everyone’s ears, and Qianye Ying’er shook violently as a painful groan spilled out of her mouth. She suddenly started falling without warning, and the profound energy she just gathered spilled away like water from a broken dam.


 This strange occurrence caused everyone to focus their attention on the object in Qianye Fantian’s hand.


 There was a golden light in his hand where there was nothing before. That clear ring had come from this golden light.


 “The Brahma Soul Bell?” The Dragon Monarch glanced sideways.


 “Oh?” An odd glint flashed across the Southern Sea God Emperor’s eyes. “Brahma Heaven God Emperor, are you... sure about this?”


 The Brahma Soul Bell was the Brahma Monarch God Realm’s most important lost artifact of the gods. It could withdraw any Brahma God power it had granted by force!


 Ring!!


 Qianye Fantian shook his hand again right after the Southern Sea God Emperor had spoken, causing the Brahma Soul Bell’s golden light to vanish in an instant.


 At the same time, an extraordinary golden light erupted from Qianye YIng’er’s body, forcing her to swallow an incredibly painful groan.


 In that moment, it was as if a golden star had cracked right before their eyes.

