

Chapter 1445 - Qianye Fantian

 Chapter 1445 - Qianye Fantian


 Yun Che and Xia Qingyue walked in front, their steps neither fast nor slow.


 The two Brahma Monarch Divine Envoys followed along behind them, not daring to make a sound. This was because one of these two people was the Moon God Emperor. Even though they had the qualifications to look down on everything that was beneath the king realms, how would they dare to do anything rash in front of the Moon God Emperor?


 The view of the Moon God Emperor’s back was absolutely beautiful, but their heads were lowered, and they did not even dare steal a glance.


 As for Yun Che, they also did not dare to say anything to offend him even though they hated him with a passion.


 Although Xia Qingyue had appeared suddenly and was the one who had suggested that she go with Yun Che, she had not said a single word throughout the whole journey. Her eyes were like pools of autumn water, glittering and calm.


 Yun Che confirmed the distance between them and the two people that were following along behind before he finally could not help but ask in a low voice, “Qingyue, when did you arrive?”


 “Three days ago,” Xia Qingyue replied, her reply was soft and gentle, yet it had a hint of coldness to it.


 “I heard that every Divine Master from the Eastern Divine Region has to attend the Eternal Heaven General Assembly. In this case, have all the Divine Masters from the Moon God Realm come as well?” Yun Che asked. It was not that he was particularly interested in how many Divine Masters there were in the Moon God Realm, but rather he was trying to keep the conversation going.


 “As a king realm, one would not so easily expose one’s core strength, let alone mobilizing in full force,” Xia Qingyue replied calmly. “No one from the Eastern Domain will be able to go against the orders of the Eternal Heaven God Realm.... But, this definitely doesn’t include the king realms.”


 “...I see.” Yun Che nodded his head. Indeed, as a king realm, how could it show its full strength before the truth behind the crimson calamity revealed itself?


 He did not pursue this matter any further. Instead, he looked at Xia Qingyue’s profile from the side and stared for a good long while... But Xia Qingyue remained as silent as she had been before, her expression remained unchanged in spite of his gaze.


 “Qingyue, though I do not know why or how you became the Moon God Emperor, is this truly what you wish for?”


 When he asked this, his gaze was still fixed on Xia Qingyue’s profile, yet his emotions were exceptionally complicated.


 Xia Qingyue replied, “So what if it is, and so what if it isn’t?”


 “The god emperor of a king realm; that is the most noble and exalted position in the current world. It’s not something that others can even hope to dream of even in a thousand or ten thousand lifetimes. But knowing you, I can’t help but feel that... this isn’t what you would have sincerely wanted.”


 Xia Qingyue’s gaze finally moved to the sidr. She shot him a light glance, and asked serenely, “Do you really understand me as well as you think you do?”


 “...” Yun Che was left momentarily speechless.


 The two of them did not speak again for a long period of time. The atmosphere between them now was totally different from when they were reunited four years ago in the God Realm.


 “Qingyue.” Some complicated emotions could be heard in Yun Che’s voice. “Back then, when we got married, everyone felt that you were extremely distant to me, and I was the only one who did not feel that way. The last time we were reunited, when I approached you in the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace, you showed no apprehension whatsoever... But this time, I can’t help but feel that you are very distant from me. There is even a... a sense of reverence that may perhaps sound extremely ridiculous to you."


 “There is nothing ridiculous about it.” Xia Qingyue said softly, “In front of your master, you’re also like this, aren’t you?”


 Yun Che, “...”


 “It simply because you are too weak, nothing less and nothing more.” Xia Qingyue looked forward, a glassy purple light rippling in her beautiful eyes, “Not only am I the first female god emperor in the history of the Moon God Realm, I am also the first god emperor in their history who doesn’t have the surname of Yue. Do you know why?”


 “...” Yun Che’s brow furrowed. When one entered a great sect and reached a certain rank, most would change their surnames to the surname used by their sects. To these disciples, this was not something that was forced upon them. Instead, it was considered a great honor and the more powerful one’s sect was, the greater the honor.


 Back then, Mu Bingyun granted Yun Che the surname Mu. But he had rejected it and she had not forced it upon him.


 But for Xia Qingyue... In the Moon God Realm where everyone believed in the “moon”, she, who had been conferred the title of emperor, had chosen to retain her surname “Xia”, and this was something that simply could not be fathomed in the eyes of outsiders.


 “Because, in the Moon God Realm, I am the one who decides and changes the rules. While you have always been a person who has to obey the rules. If you could understand the gap between these two things, you wouldn’t have asked that question just now.”


 Yun Che twisted his lips, as if he was not quite able to accept what he had just heard. He then slowly replied, “Alright, alright, alright, the current you is the one who is the arbiter of the laws. Whatever you say is right.... But actually, I do feel that you are intentionally distancing yourself from me.”


 Xia Qingyue, “...”


 Yun Che’s voice grew softer by several degrees as he said in a rather unconvinced tone, “That day in the Snow Song Realm, you came for my sake, yet you left without saying a word.”


 “Our relationship already ended four years ago. We are no longer husband and wife. I will dedicate my whole life to the Moon God Realm now that I’m the Moon God Emperor and my past has all turned to dust. As for that day, I did not come because of you. I came for the sake of the Snow Song Realm,” Xia Qingyue replied calmly.


 “Yes, yes, everything that you said is correct.” Yun Che clearly did not take her words to heart, and suddenly changed the topic instead, “Oh right, I didn’t tell you something. I’ve already found Yuechan.... Uh, your Senior Master Yuechan. Everything is well with her.”


 “I know that. Your daughter should be fourteen years old by now,” Xia Qingyue replied.


 “Erm?” Astonishment appeared on Yun Che’s face and he suddenly replied, “It must be my master who told you that. Speaking of my master.... She isn’t just my master, but also my greatest benefactor in the entire God Realm. She treats me extremely well, to the point where..... If I said it out loud, you would think it unimaginable.”


 “I oftentimes think to myself... Why would she even treat me so well?”


 Xia Qingyue, “...”


 “Oh right, not only is your Senior Master Yuechan safe, Frozen Cloud Immortal Palace is now the head of the Four Great Sacred Grounds of the Profound Sky Continent and its Palace Master now is Senior Master Murong. Uncle Xia is now the vice guild master of the Black Moon Merchant Guild and he spends his days carefree and content. Needless to say for Yunba, the name of the Absolute Monarch’s Saint Emperor is quite awe inspiring. Moreover he has now already attained the divine way... with help from a drop of the Divine Water of Life given by Shen Xi.”


 Shen Xi?


 Xia Qingyue’s brows furrowed deeply when she heard the name that Yun Che had just mentioned so casually.


 “You have so many wives, your parents are hale and hearty, and your daughter is safe and sound. Since everything seems to be going well, and you even managed to escape the attention of the God Realm and the ties that bound you to it, why did you come back?” Xia Qingyue asked.


 “...It won’t be much longer before you find out.” Yun Che did not give her a clear answer. Instead, he asked, “What about you? When do you intend to return to the lower realms...”


 His voice suddenly lowered as he said, “Is it after you kill Qianye?”


 “Moon God Emperor... Young Master Yun, we have arrived.”


 The voices of the Brahma Monarch Divine Envoys rang in their ears. They stood in front and said in a respectful manner, “The Lord God Emperor is already waiting inside. This way please.”
The initial posting of this chapter occurred via noovelllbbin

 They had already used a sound transmission to make it known that Xia Qingyue had arrived.


 The palace hall was empty, save for one person. He was adorned in a simple green robe but wore no shoes. His countenance was refined and fair, his hair tied up in a bundle which hung to his waist.


 Following the entrance of Yun Che and Xia Qingyue, he turned around, a warm and gentle smile on his face.


 If anyone saw him for the first time, they would not dare to believe that this man, who looked as gentle as a light breeze, was actually the head of the four great god emperors of the Eastern Divine Realm... the Brahma Heaven God Emperor!


 A person who could truly cover the heavens with one hand!


 From his body, one could feel a monarch’s prestige and an atmosphere that could cover up the heavens. Yet it did not cause one to tremble or feel frightened.


 He seemed just like a sword that would never be unsheathed despite being sharp enough to punish all of creation.


 “Snow Song disciple Yun Che greets the Brahma Heaven God Emperor!” Yun Che stopped to pay his respects.


 “Haha, there’s no need to stand on ceremony.” Qianye Fantian stepped forward and welcomed him. He did not assume the bearing of a god emperor. Instead, with his modest disposition and elegant smile, he seemed more like a youth that belonged to the same generation as them. He measured Yun Che with his gaze before he gave a sigh and said, “When I heard that you had fallen in the Star God Realm all those years ago, this king wrung his hands and sighed in lamentation for a long time. Now that I know that you are safe and sound, this king’s heart is greatly comforted.”


 “I thank the Brahma Heaven God Emperor for remembering me, this junior is extremely flattered,” Yun Che said with a faint smile.


 Qianye Fantian nodded his head and turned his gaze towards Xia Qingyue, “The woman of Glazed Glass from back then has now become the Moon God Emperor.”


 “Yue Wuya was willing to pass the Purple Pylon divine power and the position of god emperor to you even though you were not born in the Moon God Realm or related to him by blood... Haha, I believe that the Moon God Realm’s future will be promising with you as their new god emperor.”


 Xia Qingyue smiled half-heartedly, “You flatter me, Brahma Heaven God Emperor. This king has just ascended to the throne, so everything is still new to me and every step I take has to be taken with caution. I will still have much to learn from the Brahma Heaven God Emperor in the future.”


 “Haha, that would be this king’s honor.” Qianye Fantian smiled as he said, “What brings the Moon God Emperor here today? Is there anything that you require ’guidance’ in?”


 “No,” Xia Qingyue said as her beautiful eyes narrowed, her aura turning slightly dangerous, “this king happened to find out that the Brahma Heaven God Emperor had summoned Yun Che to dispel the Evil Infant’s devilish energy. So the reason I came here with him was to see just how your skin can actually be this thick, Brahma Heaven God Emperor.”


 “...” Those words, which suddenly carried an extremely sharp bite, caused Yun Che’s brows to violently twitch.


 “Oh?” Qianye Fantian was not the least bit furious. Instead, an astonished look appeared on his face as he said, “This king does not understand what the Moon God Emperor means by that.”


 “Then this king shall make you understand.” The beautiful eyes of the Moon God Emperor shifted slightly, her deep purple pupils emitting a cold might that could cause one’s heart to tremble as she said, “Four years ago, why exactly did Yun Che choose to escape to the Dragon God Realm? He was inflicted with the Brahma Soul Death-Wishing Mark by your precious daughter, Qianye Ying’er. Under the torment of not even being able to die, he could only seek help from the Dragon Queen, Shen Xi, in the Dragon God Realm. And this king also very nearly lost her life because of Qianye Ying’er! If someone had not saved me, whether I would still be alive or not would be an unknown, let alone being conferred this title of Moon God Emperor.”


 “And now, you want Yun Che to help you cleanse away the Evil Infant’s devilish energy... The thickness of your skin has truly caused this king to gasp in amazement.”


 “Did such a thing actually happen?” Qianye Fantian appeared surprised. After that, he shook his head and said, “My daughter is playful in nature. She has never been one to obey the rules since she was young, but she would not...”


 “Then does the Brahma Heaven God Emperor think that this king is speaking rubbish?” Xia Qingyue coldly interrupted his sentence.


 “Hehe, the words of the Moon God Emperor are naturally as heavy as the mountains, how could they be false.” Qianye Fantian laughed bitterly, “My daughter actually dared to create such a huge mess, this king is severely ashamed of that.”


 “In that case, was the Brahma Heaven God Emperor truly unaware of this matter?” the coldness in Xia Qingyue’s eyes immediately disappeared, and it seemed as if she truly believed Qianye Fantian’s words.


 “I was unaware, otherwise...” Qianye Fantian shook his head and sighed. He said to Yun Che, “Yun Che, my daughter’s temperament has always been eccentric and stubborn, I trust that you have also heard of this. Even though she holds the title of ‘Goddess’ in the God Realm, she has never held regard for any man. The only exception was when she had developed feelings for you back then. Yet you rejected her in public and she could not help but bear a grudge because of that.”


 “Sigh, this king tried to counsel her at that time, but I never imagined that she would actually take such drastic action because of the deep grievance in her heart. When this king returns to his realm, I will definitely severely reprimand her.”


 “...” the corner of Yun Che’s mouth violently twitched.


 “But with that being said, it was also because of my daughter’s actions that you were able to receive the Dragon Queen’s care, and she even imparted light profound energy to you. This can also be seen as obtaining a blessing because of disaster. Not only did you benefit from this, but the entire Eastern Divine Region also benefited from it. Hehehehe, how wonderful.”


 Qianye Fantian smiled gently, but Yun Che’s internal organs were shaking uncontrollably.


 He had been chased for thousands of kilometers... The Brahma Soul Death-Wishing Mark... How were these not irreconcilable grievances!? But with two or three sentences, Qianye Fantian made it seem as if her actions were merely wilful acts of indignation because he had refused to “marry her” in public.


 So everything was my own damn fault then?


 With just those two last two or three sentences, Yun Che had changed from being the victim to him being the greatest beneficiary.


 Should I thank her then!?


 What the hell..... He is truly worthy of being the Brahma Heaven God Emperor!


 “Since the Brahma Heaven God Emperor was unaware, then this king naturally has no reason to blame you.” The Moon God Emperor did not choose to pursue the matter any further as she said, “ Yun Che, since you have accepted this invitation, you should help cleanse away the devilish energy afflicting the Brahma Heaven God Emperor. To have an important figure like the Brahma Heaven God Emperor owe you a favor is a great thing that others can only dream about.”


 The Brahma Heaven God Emperor gave a hearty laugh as he said, “This king had some doubts before when he listened to the words of the Eternal Heaven God Emperor. But now that Moon God Emperor has said such a thing as well, it looks like the matter of you learning how to use light profound energy was undoubtedly true. Over the past few years, this king has been tormented by this devilish energy. If you are able to cleanse this devilish energy, this king will surely remember your kindness.”


 Yun Che nodded his head and replied, “This junior will try his best.”


 After setting up the formation, Yun Che stretched out his palm, light profound energy slowly shining out from the center of his palm.


 A pure white beam shone upon Qianye Fantian’s serene’s countenance... In the instant that sacred light shone, a miniscule change appeared for an instant in his eyes.


 During the entire process, Xia Qingyue stood there quietly, never leaving Yun Che’s side.


 “Master, you... are you really going to help him?” He Ling’s delicate voice rang out from within his consciousness.


 “Mn.” Yun Che replied, “He Ling, I know that you hate people from the Brahma Monarch God Realm with a vengeance, and I have never once forgotten your grudge either. However, our current strength is too weak, we basically don’t have the strength to contend with them. The only thing we can do now is to get close and gather enough intel... and this is the best opportunity to do so.”


 “Also, this can also be considered as a method to protect ourselves.”


 “I understand.” He Ling replied gently, “ I just... just...”


 “Relax, I have my own plans,” Yun Che said as he comforted her.


 “Mn... I will listen to Master’s words.”


 Yun Che moved his palms forward as a ball of white light touched Qianye Fantian’s body and started to disperse the devilish energy in his body.


 Yun Che’s appearance was calm, his eyes slowly closing.... But in the instant before he fully closed them, a cold and dangerous light faintly flashed through them.

