

Chapter 1601 - Completely Disgraceful Behavior

 After they entered the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect, they felt a formless pressure assault them.


 The atmosphere in this place was clearly more solemn when compared to the atmosphere found in other normal sects. With a glance, Yun Che spied many sect members who were dressed in robes of different colors. They were keeping strict watch over the areas they were stationed in. They had a menacing look in their eyes and they did not move a single inch.


 “If you wanted to infiltrate this place, wouldn’t it have been better to turn yourself invisible?” Qianye Ying’er asked.


 She knew exactly what would happen if she revealed her face in public. Back then, when she was still unused to wearing a mask, all the men who saw her, from the lowest commoner to the god emperors themselves, would start behaving pathetically.


 It was also during this process that her contempt and disgust for men had slowly been formed.


 “Do you really think I am going to destroy this Thousand Desolation Divine Sect just for the sake of Yun Shang?” Yun Che said in a cold voice.


 “There’s also resources to plunder, right?” Qianye Ying’er gave a small pout. “But I have to wonder. Which one of these two reasons is the ‘convenient’ one?”


 Yun Che was originally at the first level of the Divine King Realm. The biggest reason why Yun Che could break through to the first level of the Divine Sovereign Realm in less than a year was the last vestiges of divine power that the Ice Phoenix had granted him.


 If it had been based on pure cultivation alone, he did not know how many years it would have taken.


 But now, Yun Che had become a Divine Sovereign. Now that he had reached this level, even if his innate talent was unrivaled, every single breakthrough would require an immense amount of effort and time... Even if he only needed a decade, a shockingly low amount of time, to break through to the next level, Yun Che, whose heart was filled with hatred, would definitely not be content to wait out even this short period.


 He had vaguely grasped a part of the Law of Nothingness, allowing him to directly convert the profound spiritual energy contained within profound crystals into part of his cultivation. This was undoubtedly a heaven-defying ability.


 As long as he had enough profound crystals, the rate of his growth would far exceed that of any normal cultivation. Furthermore, there were no risks or difficulties that arose from using this method.


 But the catch was that he needed to have enough profound crystals in the first place!


 He had already exhausted almost thirty percent of the profound crystals and profound jade they had plundered from the Nine Lights Heavenly Palace just to break through to the Divine Sovereign Realm. Every increase in level within the Divine Sovereign Realm would require many times more profound crystals than it had in the Divine King Realm... Moreover, because of the unique nature of his profound veins, it was much more difficult for him to break through compared to normal profound practitioners.


 As a result, other than helping Qianye Ying’er merge with the devil blood and cultivating the Eternal Calamity of Darkness, the one thing that he needed to do was to use every means possible to acquire an enormous amount of resources!


 Even though the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect did not have much history or legacy, they were still the realm king sect of an upper star realm. If they could empty out their coffers, this would undoubtedly be a huge boon for Yun Che.


 However, this task was so difficult that it was practically akin to destroying the entire Thousand Desolation Divine Sect.


 “There is an extremely large offensive profound formation beneath us. I can sense that there are over three thousand formation patterns,” Yun Che suddenly said. “I probably won’t die if it is activated, but you definitely will.”


 As his mastery over the Eternal Calamity of Darkness grew, his perception of darkness profound energy had become incredibly sensitive.


 A huge power would always have an ace up their sleeve. The huge offensive profound formation hidden beneath them was probably the very last and most terrifying defensive measure. Once it was activated, the results would be catastrophic.


 But on the other hand, if they were able to twist up and destroy the formation patterns of this huge profound formation and forcefully channel the power that lay within it...


 “Heh, then I must give you my thanks,” Qianye Ying’er said with a cold and disdainful snort. “What are you planning to have me do?”


 “You don’t need to do anything,” Yun Che said. “Just obediently stand beside me and other people will naturally deliver us the opportunity we need... Furthermore, it will be an opportunity that could not be any more perfect.”
N0v3lRealm was the platform where this chapter was initially revealed on N0v3l.B1n.

 “What if it fails?”


 “Then we’ll simply force the issue.” Yun Che did not look the least bit apprehensive. He suddenly reached out and pinched Qianye Ying’er’s exquisite chin between his fingers. He stared at her face before saying, “Furthermore, I don’t think it will fail... The greater the beauty, the crazier men will react.”


 “There is beauty that will cause men to take a sidelong glance, there is beauty that will captivate a man’s heart, there is beauty which will provoke lust in a man, there is beauty that will cause men to lose all rationality, and there is even beauty that will cause a man to go completely insane. Which category of beauty do you think you belong in?”


 A “slapping” sound rang in the air as Qianye Ying’er violently batted away Yun Che’s hand. She gave a cold chuckle as she said, “As a tool, I am really useful, huh!?”


 “However, you had better remember one thing.” Qianye Ying’er’s golden eyes narrowed, her gaze so cold it pierced one’s heart. “If anyone goes too ‘crazy’, no matter who it is, and dares to even touch the corner of my robes, I definitely~won’t~hold back. I’ll rip him to shreds then and there! To hell with your plans!”


 “Do you understand!?”


 “...” Yun Che looked at her before he started chuckling. “Right now, I really do like that man-hating attitude of yours.”


 Qianye Ying’er, “???”


 ————


 Because Yun Che had deliberately arrived late, the Crown Prince’s birthday feast was already underway when they arrived at the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince Hall.


 As they stood in front of the doors to the hall, both Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er’s brows twitched at the same time.


 There were many Divine Sovereign auras in the hall, and this included four peak Divine Sovereigns. However, there was no aura that belonged to the Divine Master Realm.


 The Thousand Desolation Sect Master was not around?


 The Thousand Desolation Crown Prince’s six thousandth birthday banquet was undoubtedly a momentous occasion that shook the entire Thousand Desolation Realm. As the Thousand Desolation Sect Master, the father of the crown prince, he was the person who really should have been present, and it was very likely that he was playing host as well. But after they checked one more time, they confirmed that there was no aura belonging to the Divine Master Realm within the hall.


 Even though they did not know the reason for this, it did not seem like such a bad thing at this moment.


 “The eastern region’s Bai Clan has arrived!”


 It was the six thousandth birthday of the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince, the future Thousand Desolation realm king. Thus, many people would come from all over the realm bearing precious gifts to commemorate this event, and very few people would dare to arrive late... Furthermore, it was clear that the “eastern region’s Bai Clan” did not have the qualifications to be late either.


 Before Yun Che even stepped inside the hall, an undisguised cold snort rang through the air. “The Bai Clan has been growing weaker over the last few years, and it’s said that they will soon be considered second-rate in the eastern region. But their arrogance, on the other hand, is growing larger and larger. To think that they would dare to be late for such a grand event as the six thousandth birthday of His Highness the Crown Prince. How preposterous!”


 The one who had spoken out was a middle-aged man sitting at the side. He was not familiar with the Bai Clan and he did not have any grudges against them. But his words were an attempt to curry favor with the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince.


 Offending the tiny Bai Clan to garner the attention of the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince, there was nothing to lose and everything to gain by doing such a thing. So why would he not do it?


 Immediately after he finished speaking, people started to agree with him.


 “Indeed, this is simply outrageous.”


 “We were so excited for this event that we rushed over several days early. For the Bai Clan to even obtain an invitation is already a huge blessing for them, yet they actually dared to arrive late. They are truly brazen.”


 The Thousand Desolation Crown Prince wore a bland smile on his face as he sat in the main seat of the great hall. He did not respond to any of the admonishments being delivered to the Bai Clan and he casually swept his eyes towards the entrance of the hall... But it was in that moment that his brain seemed to have been violently struck by something. He felt as if his soul had suddenly been seized by a demon, as his eyes and every other part of his body stiffened.


 The rebukes that had been ringing through the hall also abruptly died down at this moment. The earlier ruckus had transformed into a nearly frightening silence.


 Yun Che swaggered into the hall, but no one bothered to look at him. In fact, they might not even have noticed him... Because all of the brilliance in the world, all of the brilliance they beheld in their eyes, was all focused on the woman that followed behind him.


 Back when Yun Che had first seen Qianye Ying’er’s face, the very first thought that came to mind when he regained his senses was that it was terrifying... Her existence could obliterate all the light and color that a person had seen in their entire life, could completely destroy all of their will and rationality.


 This was especially true for those golden eyes of hers. Even if they did not contain any emotion, they were still like a golden abyss that could drive a person insane. A golden abyss that people would willingly fall into, even if they had to die thousands of times.


 Qianye Ying’er had seen this scene play out more times than she could count. Even god emperors would reveal a completely stunned expression on their faces in front of her. By the time she was a teenager, she had already started to regard all of the men in the world as lowly and inferior beings.


 However, it was such a pity that someone like her would end up becoming a man’s toy... This was not a thought that was limited to her alone. Nobody from the three divine regions would be able to imagine that the unattainable and unapproachable Brahma Monarch Goddess, whom they did not even dare to profane with a glance, would meet with such a “fate”.


 Yun Che stood in the middle of the hall and shouted, “The eastern region Bai Clan’s Bai Qi congratulates the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince on his six thousandth birthday. Because we met with some unforeseen circumstances on our way here, we arrived late. We request that the Crown Prince punish us.”


 That thunderous voice roused everyone from their daydreams and people who had forgotten to breathe remembered that they still had to do so, but their breathing had now grown rougher. Everyone in the hall, from the youths who had not even reached sixty years of age to the hegemons who had already lived for longer than ten thousand years, had reacted in the exact same way.


 A long time had passed since Yun Che had finished speaking, but no one had responded to him yet. But it was at this moment that the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince stood up from the main seat. His actions were incredibly slow and stiff and his eyes staring blankly in front of him. It was as if he was a wooden puppet whose strings were being tugged.


 He was no ordinary profound practitioner. He was the crown prince of the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect and he had never revealed such a stupefied expression in his entire life.


 “Ahem!” A light cough suddenly rang in his ears. But this light cough was able to directly shake his soul and mind, causing the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince to regain some clarity and focus.


 This old man was Devotee Divine Sunflower, the vice sect master of the Thousand Desolation Divine Sect, the number two person in the sect, a Divine Sovereign who stood at the very pinnacle of his realm.


 “Oh... He, hehe.” The Thousand Desolation Crown Prince’s face screwed up for a moment, but no matter how much he tried, he could not display his usual calm and imposing demeanor. “So that is... is... is...”


 “It’s Bai Clan’s brat.” Devotee Divine Sunflower sent him a sound transmission, he once again used sound to clear up the crown prince’s soul. The pathetic and disgraceful appearance of the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince caused his brow to greatly furrow, but he did not heave a sigh of disappointment. Because even he did not dare to glance at Qianye Ying’er a second time. Furthermore, before this event, he had regarded women as deadly creatures since long ago and he had not been near one for a full ten thousand years.


 “Ah, so it’s the Bai Clan’s bra... the Bai Clan’s young master.” After Devotee Divine Sunflower had used his voice to cleanse the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince’s soul twice, he had finally managed to regain some of his rationality. It was also at this moment that he finally realized that he had stood up from his seat.


 He, the Thousand Desolation Crown Prince, had stood up to welcome the people from the Bai Clan. This scene was truly...


 “Present your gifts and take your seats,” Devotee Divine Sunflower said.


 “Er, about that...” Yun Che did not move forward to present any gifts and there was a clear look of discomfort on his face.


 “What’s the matter? Could it be that you were robbed of your gift on the way here?” Devotee Divine Sunflower said with a cold snort... But when he spoke, he still dipped his head and closed his eyes, it was clear that he did not dare take a single glance at Qianye Ying’er.


 “No, no,” Yun Che hurriedly said. “The fact that our Bai Clan received the invitation to His Highness the Crown Prince’s six thousandth birthday celebration is our clan’s great fortune, so how could we dare come empty-handed. However... we have instructions from our clansmen to only present this gift to His Highness the Crown Prince in private.”


 As he spoke, he seemed to inadvertently shoot an apprehensive glance toward Qianye Ying’er.


 Even though it was just a slight movement, how could anyone present not understand what it meant? The Thousand Desolation Crown Prince bounced right back off his seat just as he had sat down again. His lips had actually started to violently shudder as he said, “Oh... Oh! So it is like that... Aha... Hahaha. The fact that the Bai Clan could even make it today already shows that they have put in all of their efforts. The gift itself actually isn’t too important. That’s right, I don’t know... how I should address this lady? Is she also a member of your Bai Clan?”


 He was acutely aware that his voice was distorted and trembling, and he possessed enough self-awareness to realize that he was currently “behaving in an utterly disgraceful manner”, but he could not control himself. In fact, he barely even cared about it... His heart was burning with scorching heat, agitation, and excitement... He was agitated to the point of distraction, so excited that he was about to go insane.


 This display was far more pathetic than even Yun Che had imagined.


 After all... the person beside him was the Brahma Monarch Goddess!

