

Chapter 902 - Those Who Obey Will Survive, Those Who Resist Will Perish

  

 “Saint Emperor, that was well said!”


 Spiritual Master Bitter Agony and Spiritual Master Nine Lamentations moved to stand at the left and right of Huangji Wuyu. All of the profound energy around their body was surging and the determination to see this to the bitter end was clearly reflected in their eyes.


 Once the Saint Emperor had said his piece, all of the spiritual masters, elders and disciples of Absolute Monarch Sanctuary left their seats to stand behind Huangji Wuyu. Huangji Wuyu’s words had completely ignited the flames of dignity and honor within every single one of their hearts without fail. He was absolutely right! As Absolute Monarch Sanctuary, they had proudly lorded over the Profound Sky Continent for ten thousand years, so how could they resign themselves to being someone else’s dog?!


 “Hehehehe, Huangji Wuyu, it looks like you’ve steeled yourself to be the first disobedient one here.” Xuanyuan Wentian was not the least bit disappointed or angry. Instead, he gave a bland laugh that was as thick as a devil’s.


 “Xuanyuan Wentian! You want to become the ruler of everything under heaven and given your current power, I, Huangji Wuyu, have no choice but to concede that position to you! But if you want us to be slaves grovelling at your feet... Dream on!!” Huangji Wuyu snarled through gritted teeth. His hands balled into tightly-clenched fists as the profound energy in his body circulated restlessly, impatiently waiting to be unleashed.


 He, Qu Fengyi, and Ye Meixie had all personally experienced the dreadfulness of Xuanyuan Wentian, so they were more clear than anyone else regarding the level of strength Xuanyuan Wentian had obtained. So once those words had left his mouth, he did not plan to live past this day, even if his name was Huangji Wuyu.


 “Hmph, I can still respect this Absolute Monarch Sanctuary but I wonder how Supreme Ocean Palace and Sun Moon Divine Hall will respond,” Yun Che muttered to himself in a low voice while he was hiding behind those clouds.


 “Very good. This is extremely good indeed. You have truly given this sovereign an opportunity to make you a rather satisfactory example,” Xuanyuan Wentian said as he smiled merrily. But after he finished, he suddenly whirled around to look at Sun Moon Divine Hall, which was on the other side. “Absolute Monarch Sanctuary has chosen to stand against this sovereign. So, Ye Meixie, how about your lot?”


 “Oh, don’t be in a hurry to reply,” Xuanyuan Wentian said with half-narrowed eyes as he gently pushed his right arm backwards... towards the direction where Absolute Monarch Sanctuary was standing.


 “Be careful!!”


 Huangji Wuyu had been focused on guarding against each and every move made by Xuanyuan Wentian. So when he saw Xuanyuan Wentian flip his palm around, he let out a great shout.


 The empty air ruptured as a pitch-black hand emerged from the rift in space. In the blink of an eye, it stretched out more than three hundred meters in length as it abruptly loomed over where Absolute Monarch Sanctuary was standing.


 Boom!!


 Black light exploded outwards as the Sea God Arena violently shook. About one third of the two thousand odd people who represented Absolute Monarch Sanctuary today had been engulfed by that pitch-black devil claw. Amidst miserable cries which shook the skies, six hundred Absolute Monarch Sanctuary disciples shared the same fate as Spiritual Master Ancient Wood; they were all turned into jet-black dust in the blink of an eye. Twelve elders belonging to Absolute Monarch Sanctuary had also been thrown aside by that black light and after flopping and rolling on the ground for a while, all of them lay there completely lifeless.


 Even the Spiritual Masters who wanted to dart forward to save their fellow sect members turned pale the moment they approached that scattered black light. They hurriedly retreated, their faces filled with shock and fear.


 Xuanyuan Wentian had simply flipped a single hand but that had been enough to reduce Absolute Monarch Sanctuary’s contingent by one-third. At this moment, he finally slowly turned back towards them, “Come, let this sovereign see how many people has died this time?”


 “Xuan... Yuan... Wen... Tian!!”


 Huangji Wuyu’s was completely enraged. He let out a low roar as the robes he was wearing billowed fiercely. His hands were crisscrossed as he rushed directly at Xuanyuan Wentian, a giant profound formation swiftly spinning in front of him.


 “Absolute Monarch Star Formation!” Yun Che, who was observing in the shadows, muttered under his breath. Xia Yuanba had said that the only person in Absolute Monarch Sanctuary who could display this profound formation at its full power was the Saint Emperor himself, Huangji Wuyu.


 A cold smile appeared on Xuanyuan Wentian’s face as he directly thrust a hand out so that he could grab the Absolute Monarch Star Formation. Intense golden light immediately clashed against black light but the Absolute Monarch Star Formation let out a wail as it started to warp violently. Huangji Wuyu’s body fiercely trembled as he was instantly sent tumbling away. But he let out a fierce yell as he was spinning through the air. After that, he flipped back to his feet as the Absolute Monarch Star Formation abruptly widened and hurtled through the air to strike at Xuanyuan Wentian.


 “Heh, you’re way in over your head!”


 After Xuanyuan Wentian let out that dark chuckle of disdain, the black light on his arm suddenly exploded outwards, instantly piercing the Absolute Monarch Star Formation. At the same instant the Absolute Monarch Star Formation had fractured, it also heavily exploded against Huangji Wuyu’s chest.


 Pfft.


 All of the profound energy in Huangji Wuyu’s body was scattered as he was sent flying. A large cloud of blood spewed from his mouth as he flew, soaring more than ten feet into the air.


 “Saint Emperor!!”


 Spiritual Master Bitter Agony and Spiritual Master Nine Lamentations took to the air, receiving Huangji Wuyu’s tumbling body. The moment he entered their arms, both of the men were completely shaken... Just a single palm strike from Xuanyuan Wentian had injured Huangji Wuyu so heavily that it actually endangered his life.


 “Xuanyuan... Wen... Tian...” Blood was leaking from Huangji Wuyu’s seven orifices and all of the profound energy in his body had been thrown into great chaos, so even speaking had become exceedingly difficult for him.


 “Huangji Wuyu, this sovereign will let you live for now,” Xuanyuan Wentian said as he looked down at him. “Didn’t you say that you would rather see Absolute Monarch Sanctuary be destroyed? Very good, then before this sovereign sends you down to hell, he will fulfill your heart’s desire and allow you to personally witness how Absolute Monarch Sanctuary is going to vanish from this world completely.”


 “In the world that this sovereign rules, things which do not obey, no matter what they are, have no reason to continue existing.”


 “You...” Huangji Wuyu stretched a finger towards Xuanyuan Wentian, blood gushing from the corner of his mouth yet again.


 The atmosphere in the Sea God Arena suddenly grew several times more oppressive. Everyone fiercely sucked in a cold breath of air as the pupils in countless eyes trembled and contracted. Even though they had all heard that the current Xuanyuan Wentian had grown extremely powerful, now that they had personally witnessed it today, their hearts shook with shock and fear.


 With a casual wave of his hand, hundreds of Absolute Monarch Sanctuary disciples and more than ten of their elders had instantly lost their lives, it was as if he was cutting grass... But the people he had cut down were not some abject weaklings, they were members of the most powerful Sacred Ground in the Profound Sky Continent! Overlords and Monarchs, positions of power that countless profound practitioners could only dream of attaining in their lifetimes, were no more than grass in front of Xuanyuan Wentian.


 Even Absolute Monarch Sanctuary’s Saint Emperor, the person who was publicly acknowledged by the Profound Sky Continent as the number one person in the profound way, had been heavily injured by Xuanyuan Wentian after just two exchanges.


 This was a power that they could not even imagine in their dreams.


 “Huangji Wuyu, in the past, you could still be compared to our Lord Sword Master. But today, our Lord Sword Master has already become the Heavenly Sovereign, so do you think you can still be mentioned in the same breath as the Heavenly Sovereign!? Humph, the Heavenly Sovereign has already given you a chance but to think that you would actually foolishly refuse him. All of you are truly seeking death!”


 Mighty Heavenly Sword Region’s Fourth Elder Xuanyuan Bo said with a cold smile. After Mighty Heavenly Sword Region’s Three Sword Attendants and the top three elders had been killed by Jasmine, he had suddenly become the First Elder, becoming the person who was just below Mighty Heavenly Sword Region’s Sword Master and Young Sword Master. Since today was the Heavenly Sovereign Conference, he naturally had to put up a strong front.


 As expected, Xuanyuan Wentian did not continue to attack Huangji Wuyu. Instead, he once again turned towards Sun Moon Divine Hall before speaking, “Ye Meixie, you can give this sovereign your answer right now. From today onwards, will you obey this sovereign or will you choose to rebel against this sovereign?”


 If Ye Meixie could be said to be struggling with this previously, the two attacks that Xuanyuan Wentian had just shown had completely extinguished the last fires of resistance which burned in his heart. He took a step forward and bowed towards Xuanyuan Wentian before speaking, “Since my Sun Moon Divine Hall has the words sun and moon in its name, then it is also natural that we view the heavens as sovereign over all. So from today onwards, Ye Meixie and the entire Sun Moon Divine Hall will serve the Heavenly Sovereign with all of our might.”


 “Ah... Heavenly Monarch!?” Many people behind Ye Meixie gasped out in shock and dread.


 “Shut up!!” Ye Meixie yelled in a low voice, “Could it be that you desire for Sun Moon Divine Hall to vanish from the face of the earth after this day!?”


 “...” Even though those disgruntled people still wore pained expressions on their faces, no one spoke up again.


 “Very good, Ye Meixie, you have indeed not let this sovereign down,” Xuanyuan Wentian said with a huge gratified smile on his face. The gaze he used to appraise Ye Meixie was clearly the gaze someone would use when he was praising an obedient dog. Following this, he turned his gaze towards Supreme Ocean Palace, “Qu Fengyi, what say you?”


 Just as Qu Fengyi was about to speak, Zi Ji, who stood by her side, had already taken a step forward, “Xuanyuan Wentian! Our Supreme Ocean Palace and Black Moon Merchant Guild has only attained our current foundation after an entire ten thousand years! We have labored for generation after generation to get to this point and it was all to uphold the grand might of our Supreme Ocean Palace and to protect our name. Unlike some other people, it was not done for the sake of becoming a dog to a demon like you!!”


 “You’re courting death!” Ye Meixie snarled viciously as he turned his head to look towards Zi Ji.


 “Well said, Mister Zi!” The remaining four Venerable Ones of Supreme Ocean Palace all stepped forward as well, “We are not as craven and contemptible as some so-called Heavenly Monarch. Compared to becoming someone else’s dog, we would rather merrily die in battle in this place.”


 “All of you shut up!!”


 What bore down on them was not Xuanyuan Wentian’s killing intent but Qu Fengyi’s furious rebuke. As Zi Ji and the remaining four Venerable Ones stared at her in disbelief, Qu Fengyi cupped her hands towards Xuanyuan Wentian and said, “Heavenly Sovereign Xuanyuan, this sovereign has presented the Sea God Arena as the place where the Heavenly Sovereign will be crowned as sovereign over all, so I’m sure I have already expressed sufficient sincerity. From today onwards, my Supreme Ocean Palace will willingly heed the words of the Heavenly Sovereign.”


 “You... You... What are you saying?” Zi Ji asked with widened eyes, the pupils of those eyes were filled with boundless shock, disappointment and pain, “You... Have you gone mad? We are the ten thousand years old Supreme Ocean Palace, how can we become someone else’s slave... If we do this... If we do this, how can we account to the founding fathers of Supreme Ocean Palace!”


 “Allowing our Supreme Ocean Palace to be destroyed like this is what will truly let down our founding fathers!” Qu Fengyi said severely, “The power of Heavenly Sovereign Xuanyuan is something that this sovereign has personally tasted. If he wants to destroy our Supreme Ocean Palace which has lasted for ten thousand years, it will only take him a day!”


 “I would rather be a hero for a single day than a dog for ten thousand days!” Zi Ji said in a completely disappointed voice. “Qu Fengyi, if you persist in doing this, then I, Zi Ji, will no longer recognize you as the Sovereign of the Seas and our relationship as husband and wife will end here as well!”


 “You...” Qu Fengyi gasped as her face turned deathly white, “Why do you have to be so stubborn?! Is your dignity more important or the ten thousand year foundation of our Supreme Ocean Palace more important!?”
Unearth this data, retracing it to the very heart of Nøv€lß¡n★

 All the gathered members of Supreme Ocean Palace were completely stunned. They looked at each other but no one dared to make a sound. On one side was their Sovereign of the Seas, on the other side was Mister Zi, someone whom everyone in Supreme Ocean Palace respected. At this moment, not a single one of them dared to speak.


 “Hmph, this woman Qu Fengyi!” Yun Che said with a low snort. Even though he held Huangji Wuyu and Qu Fengyi in contempt, he had never denied that Absolute Monarch Sanctuary and Supreme Ocean Palace could be counted as righteous sects. The Twelve Spiritual Masters all radiated an air of righteousness while the people from Supreme Ocean Palace gave him a good feeling as well. Today, Huangji Wuyu had shown himself worthy of respect but Qu Fengyi, who had seemed to have a lofty and dignified air about her... Today, Yun Che had found that she was growing more and more loathsome.


 “Hahahaha... Hahahaha...”


 As he looked at the conflict that occurred within Supreme Ocean Palace, Xuanyuan Wentian threw his head back and let out a great laugh. His laugh was incomparably carefree and relaxed, because to him, this scenario was tens of times more satisfying than watching Sun Moon Divine Hall obediently bend their knees to him.


 “Qu Fengyi, on account of your adequate sincerity in personally preparing this Heavenly Sovereign Conference for this sovereign, this sovereign will give you some time to settle the affairs within your own house. However, I will only give you thirty breaths. If you have not settled matters within these thirty breaths, then this sovereign will take action on your behalf.”


 After that, Xuanyuan Wentian’s body suddenly turned as he looked towards the Divine Phoenix Sect. The instant that dark and icy gaze was directed towards them, nearly all of the elders and disciples of the Divine Phoenix Sect had retreated in shock.


 “How about you, Divine Phoenix Sect?” Xuanyuan Wentian said as the corners of his mouth hooked up into a small and bland smile.


 Feng Hengkong slowly strode forward. There was no fear on his face and on the contrary, he looked exceptionally calm, “Our Divine Phoenix Sect has received the favor of an Ancient Divine Spirit and we have inherited that Divine Spirit’s bloodline. We can lose and we can be destroyed but even if we burn up the very last of our bloodline, we will never ever surrender!!”


 With an explosive “boom,” Feng Hengkong’s body ignited with flames. He snarled at Xuanyuan Wentian, “Xuanyuan Wentian, all of the members of the Divine Phoenix Sect who are not afraid to die have all been gathered here! So the amount of people you will want to kill today seems rather high!!”


 ___________


 Author’s Note:


 【Yun Che still hasn’t come out yet! Isn’t that infuriating?!】

