

Chapter 163 - Sky Wolf Slash

  

 The enormous sound from the great hall naturally alarmed the imperial guards outside. Hurried footsteps sounded, and several tens of silver-armored guards entered in single file, and said with faces full of worry: “Princess, are you alright?”


 “I’m fine, all of you can leave.” Lan Xueruo said as she cast a sidelong glance.


 “But...” The head guard looked at the shattered ground, as well as Yun Che and Ling Jie, who were both grasping weapons, and revealed a deeply alert expression.


 “LEAVE!” Lan Xueruo’s voice suddenly became more imposing: “Without my order, no matter how great the commotion is later, you may not enter.”


 “Yes!” The head guard hurriedly bowed his head, and brought his men out.


 “As expected of the rumoured heavy sword that weighs one thousand nine hundred fifty kilograms, no matter its strength or imposing aura, they’re both eye-opening.” Ling Yun praised sincerely. Ling Jie’s early strike looked extremely simple and ordinary, but he was fully aware of the amount of sword force and resolve brought about by that one strike. For someone at the third level of the True Profound Realm to block that attack, could basically be called a miracle.


 “Hmph, he’s indeed a little bit stronger than I imagined him to be... But, it’s only a little.” Ling Jie turned up his nose, and his face had a look of disdain. “For that earlier strike, I simply did a casual wave of my sword. As for my next strike, you will definitely~~ definitely~~ definitely~ not be able to block it!”


 While saying that, he pointed his sword to the sky with a single hand. Rays of sword force rose from the sword and charged towards the sky. The phenomenon of the accumulated sword force stirring in the air was visible to the naked eye, as it emitted out rounds and rounds of shocking ripples.


 The moment Ling Jie moved his sword, the stirring sword force above the tip of his sword suddenly erupted, instantly giving rise to tens of thousands of sword silhouettes which constantly crossed and overlapped to form a heavy sword wave. As though as a tidal wave brought about by a hurricane, it went crashing towards Yun Che. That incomparably terrifying sword force seemed as though as it was about to completely envelop heaven and earth within it.
This creation is firmly rooted in the depths of Nøv€lß¡n★

 “Heaven’s Might Sword Formation - Elegant Upheaval!”


 “Junior Yun, watch out!” When Ling Jie unleashed this attack, Ling Yun momentarily frowned, and seemed to have given the warning subconsciously. Ling Jie was currently at the age when he seeked to prevail over others. When his first strike was completely blocked, and had even happened right in front of “Princess Sis”, his pride evidently suffered a blow. Ling Yun had predicted that Ling Jie would get serious during his second strike, but he did not expect that he would immediately use the Heaven’s Might Sword Formation. When using any one form of the Heaven’s Might Sword Formation, a practitioner of the same profound level would already find it hard to take it head on, let alone Yun Che who was only at the True Profound Realm.


 A large amount of sword silhouettes spread across the sky and covered the earth as they overlapped one another. Yun Che felt as if he was drawn into a hell of swords and blades, and no matter which direction he moved towards, he would be instantly sucked in the hurricane of death. Thus, he simply ignored the sword silhouettes that filled the entire sky as he explosively swung the heavy sword in his hands.


 “Falling... Moon... Sinking... Star!!”


 As the heavy sword was swung, it brought about a destructive sword force, and directly colliding with the heavy sword wave.


 Boom!!


 As if a monstrous wave crashing onto a boulder which had lasted for a millennium, a deafening roar was released, causing the surrounding floor tiles within ten steps away from Yun Che and Ling Yun to instantly scatter. Instantly, as though a crumbling snowflake, the countless glaring sword silhouettes dispersed within a blinding light. After breaking through the first wave of sword silhouettes, like a hot knife through butter, the Overlord’s Colossal Sword, strengthened by “Falling Moon Sinking Star”, wildly pushed forward, causing the remaining sword silhouettes to shatter, and then, it collided plainly with Ling Jie’s light sword.


 “Wh... What!” Ling Jie and Ling Yun were simultaneously shocked; the third form of the Heaven’s Might Sword Formation, “Elegant Upheaval”, was actually directly split by Yun Che’s single strike!


 “Falling Moon Sinking Star”, being the first form of the Evil God’s seven forms, was an incomparably simple profound technique. Without any fancy or magnificent profound technique effects, or any complicated operating methods, its power came from suddenly compressing the profound energy in one’s body, and bursting it outwards with ten times the usual power. It was extremely compatible with the “berserking” property of the Evil God Arts —— It was simply explosive power.


 After the Overlord’s Colossal Sword slashed apart the heavy sword wave, its strength had basically reached its limit as well. When it was struck against Ling Jie’s sword, the strength behind the blow was nearly exhausted, but the momentum brought about by merely its weight of one thousand nine hundred fifty kilos was no small matter. Ling Jie was pushed back by seven to eight steps from the impact, and he nearly fell flat on his butt.


 He stood there blankly and looked at Yun Che with widened eyes, as if he was looking at a monster.


 “Unbelievable.” Ling Yun muttered softly to himself. “Looks like the rumor of him obtaining victory over an opponent seven levels higher than him was not the least bit exaggerated at all. With a difference of an entire realm, he actually really took it head-on... If he was at the same level, that strike of his would have been a complete oppression!”


 For this strike, Yun Che used all of his strength, and did not hold back even a little. Although his current profound strength was not like before, where one usage of “Falling Moon Sinking Star” would basically exhaust all of his profound energy, it still consumed quite a bit of profound energy, for the energy and blood within his entire body suddenly began to churn. He used seven or eight breaths of time to suppress the churning energy and blood in his body, adjusted it to a sufficient condition, and watched Ling Jie calmly.


 “So... You were actually this amazing!” This time, Ling Jie was truly a little dumbfounded. Because in that earlier strike, not only did he use seventy percent of his profound strength, he even used the Heaven’s Might Sword Formation. He did not expect him to actually block that as well... He was even pushed back from the impact, losing in that exchange of blows.


 If the opponent was the same level as him, or had a profound strength one or two levels below him at the Spirit Profound Realm, he would be able to accept it. But not only was the opponent in the True Profound Realm, he had only just entered the True Profound Realm!


 This feeling was like a fierce tiger pouncing on a little cat, only to find himself unexpectedly struck away by the little cat.


 “Now then, unleash your final strike. If I’m able to block this third strike as well, it will be your loss. You had best not forget that you will have to call me boss if you lose!” Yun Che steadied his body’s aura, and said with his eyes narrowed.


 “Lose? I’ll lose?” With a whip of the longsword in Ling Jie’s hand, the shocked expression on his face gradually receded, replaced with the same disdainful expression from before: “I was afraid your loss would be too devastating, so I basically didn’t use any strength at all for the last two strikes. Let’s see how you’ll block this strike!”


 While saying that, the sword in Ling Jie’s hand suddenly pointed forward; the profound energy in his entire body erupted like an open floodgate as his profound energy poured into the sword in his hand. The long sword began to tremble tremendously, and a ring of airstream suddenly swirled around the blade. Right after, this surge of sword energy actually condensed and wrapped around the sword’s blade, causing the entire sword to look two times thicker than before.


 The surrounding air suddenly surged, and Yun Che felt an incomparably overbearing aura charge over, causing chills all over his body. The longsword held in Ling Jie’s hands made him clearly feel as if it was already lying on his neck, and it would directly sever his throat in the next second, claiming his life.


 Faintly discernible ripples of air could be seen around Ling Jie. But the most shocking thing was, the ripples in the air were not like water ripples with nonuniform lines, but perfectly straight lines, just like numerous transparent sharp swords that appeared out of thin air.


 What a strong sword force... The astonishment in Yun Che’s heart began to increase bit by bit. According to Jasmine’s description, he had already overestimated this fifteen-year-old youngster’s achievements with the sword as much as possible. However, when he felt this astonishing surge of sword force, he realized he had still underestimated this youngster who came from the Heavenly Sword Villa.


 Ling Yun’s eyebrows furrowed after seeing Ling Jie’s actions. Once he realized what Ling Jie was trying to do, his gaze forcefully shook, and he said with a low voice: “Little Jie! What are you doing! Quickly stay your hand; are you trying to kill him!!”


 “Hey, Big Bro, I’m not as useless as you think I am. I have already practiced this move to the point where I can freely wield it. When this move is about to take his life, I will naturally retract it.” Ling Jie laughed, and then turned his gaze towards Yun Che. “Hmph, since you dare provoke the dignity of I, Young Master Ling Jie, then I will let you thoroughly experience how formidable I am...”


 “Try to receive this strike... Heaven’s Might Sword Formation —— Sun Piercer!”


 The sword in Ling Jie’s hands was entirely coated with an intense sword aura and appeared to be around the same size as the heavy sword in Yun Che’s hands.


 He bellowed loudly and suddenly whipped the longsword outwards, bringing along the inexhaustible sword aura and directly pierced at Yun Che’s chest.


 The surrounding air swirled wildly. Yun Che’s hair and clothes were substantially lifted by the incoming wave of strongly blowing wind. At the place where the tip of the sword stopped at, a thin pitch-black spatial fracture momentarily flashed.


 This time, there were no longer tens of thousands of sword silhouettes, but a single sword! It was a definite killing blow which gathered all of Ling Jie’s sword intent.


 Yun Che’s body suddenly retreated and raised his heavy sword once more. The profound energy in his entire body was stirred instantly, gathered at the heavy sword in his two hands, and yet another unreserved “Falling Moon Sinking Star” struck towards Ling Jie’s definite killing blow.


 Boom!!


 The Overlord’s Colossal Sword collided against Ling Jie’s light sword for the third time. However, this time, the moment they collided, Yun Che felt as if a mountain with an unsurmountable height was ruthlessly smashing onto his heavy sword.


 In an instant, the Overlord’s Colossal Sword which had a thickness of four inches, bent into a shape of a waning moon under this horrifying strength.


 To bend a one thousand nine hundred fifty kilo heavy sword in an instant, just how much horrifying strength was needed to do so? Yun Che’s entire body and arms trembled greatly; if he had not comprehended the fundamental stage of the Prison God Sirius’ Tome and had strong control over heavy swords, his Overlord’s Colossal Sword would have already flown out from his hands.


 Even so, the power behind Ling Jie’s sword still did not diminish; bringing a terrifying sword force, it continued to push forward, causing Yun Che to be forcefully pushed back towards the palace doors.


 Yun Che’s pupils slightly contracted. The bend in his heavy sword was becoming wider and wider, and gradually approached the shape of a crescent. His entire body was rapidly pushed back by the strong attacking force; his two feet formed two long gullies in the firm ground, and his body was being damaged from continuously taking the assault of sword force head on.


 “Little Jie, withdraw your sword right now!” Ling Yun immediately shouted out. He was very clear of the strength the move “Sun Piercer” possessed. If Ling Jie did not pull the attack back now, Yun Che’s heavy sword being destroyed was only secondary, as Yun Che himself would definitely receive heavy injuries, and might even lose his life.


 “I know!” Ling Jie’s arm had always been stretched out in front of him. Although the sword had left his grasp, he had not lost control of the sword. Seeing Yun Che, who was about to be pushed out of the palace, he laughed complacently. “Hehe, now do you know of how formidable I, Ling Jie am!? You’re still far from being able to go against me.”


 Ling Jie said arrogantly, and when he was about to retrieve his sword, a deafening roar rang in his ears.


 “Huuuaaaaaaaaaah!!”


 Within the roar, Yun Che’s Star God’s Broken Shadow activated and he instantly took ten steps back. Without taking a breather, he gritted his teeth as his gaze became fierce. The Overlord’s Colossal Sword was instantly raised up into the air, as it then came crashing down towards the incoming “Sun Piercer”.


 “Sky... Wolf... Slash!”


 Within Yun Che’s explosive roar, a majestic aura similar to a roaring sea was released from the tip of the Overlord’s Colossal Sword. Instantly, the surrounding space franticly surged as the air was tyrannically split open. In the short moment when the heavy sword slashed downwards, an illusion of a blue wolf roaring towards the sky flashed for an instant behind Yun Che.


 Boom!!!!!


 The heavy sword, which was brimming with Prison God Sirius’ might, collided fiercely with Ling Jie’s definite killing blow. A windstorm of energy suddenly erupted and soared towards the sky, instantly pulverizing the floor tiles and roof tiles of the main hall. Even the space, looked as if it had been torn apart.

