

Chapter 2018 - The Creation God’s Name

Chapter 2018 - The Creation God’s Name

The desolate and withered land was as silent as a ghost town, not even the ominous caw of a crow could be heard.

Yun Che soundlessly laid on the floor, paralyzed under the rebound of God Ash. It was unknown how long he had lost consciousness for.

All inhabitants of the Abyss knew that it was extremely dangerous to lose consciousness there, whether it be inside the Endless Fog or near it. This was because a defenseless body would be devoured by the omnipresent abyssal dust, then silently dragged into the abyss of death.

Fortunately the floating abyssal dust did not linger on Yun Che’s body. It inconspicuously avoided him whenever it approached.

As a pure energy of destruction which held no consciousness, it seemed to exhibit a strange kind of fear toward Yun Che. 

It had only been a month since Yun Che’s body came in contact with abyssal dust.

Abyssal dust was abyssal dust. There was no such thing as change to abyssal dust, but it was clear that there was a huge difference in the way abyssal dust reacted to him compared to when he had first entered the Abyss.

It seemed like his body had undergone a subtle transformation after coming into contact with abyssal dust.

He did, after all, possess the Ancestral God’s Sacred Body of Nothingness.

At this moment, a white radiance suddenly appeared in this dusky world.

The white light was not intense but it was extremely pure and unadulterated, bringing along an indescribable holiness with its presence.

The instant it flashed was the instant the entire surrounding space separated from the world, giving the impression that this light should not even exist inside the Abyss.

Within the white light was the silhouette of a woman who was as delicate as jade and as ethereal as a dream.

She slowly raised her hand and flicked her slender fingers. Wisps of holy white light gently covered Yun Che’s body.

The injuries that riddled Yun Che’s entire body immediately began to shrink and heal at a speed visible to the naked eye. Even the dirt that stained his body was swiftly getting purified before disappearing altogether.

At this moment, the “unconscious” Yun Che suddenly opened his eyes and swiftly grabbed at the white figure in front of him.

The white figure remained unmoved, allowing his abruptly extended hand to touch its fingers. His hand passed through, only causing a white ripple within the still pure light.

A soul?

His hand having grasped thin air, Yun Che slowly sat up and stared at the white figure in front of him. “Who are you?” 

The figure within the white light was faded and indistinct. He was unable to see her face clearly and could only make out that she was a woman with long hair that fluttered like it could weave dreams.

Yun Che’s heart almost leapt out of his chest when he noticed the pure white profound light that was circulating within his body. The body of a Dragon God combined with the Great Way of the Buddha and the Divine Miracle of Life gave him a matchless self-healing ability that surpassed every healing art in the world. Yet he was left shocked beyond belief by the speed at which both his internal and external injuries recovered.

It was several times faster than his own self-healing!

He instantly recognized that this was light profound energy.

He only knew three light profound practitioners in this life. Him, Shen Xi, and their daughter, Yun Xi. Shen Xi was no doubt the strongest among them.

Even so, the light profound energy that covered his body was at least ten times purer and richer than Shen Xi’s!

Furthermore, the divine power being used by this white light was clearly… the Divine Miracle of Life!

“Who… am I…”

She repeated softly. The voice did not come from in front of Yun Che, but instead rang in his soul sea.

The voice was as soft as the mist of clear spring water, as wispy as the voices of fairies beyond the clouds… It was so pleasant to hear that it seemed like it could only come from a dream world that could fulfill any wish possible. It felt like it didn’t belong in the filthy human world.

“I used to wonder the same all the time. When I first woke, my world was filled with numerous blank fragments. There were many names, many clear and many blurry memories, but they all shattered like stars. I couldn’t piece them together, couldn’t wipe away the fog that covered them, couldn’t tell… who I am.”

Yun Che was momentarily stunned. The voice within his soul sea seemed to have the magical power that could bring someone into a dream. It was also obvious that this voice carried the power of the Divine Miracle of Life and had even quietly brushed away a bit of the heavy depression in his heart that had been brought about by Yun Xi. 

“So, who exactly are you?” He asked.

Before him was undoubtedly the “white silhouette” that the Blue Dragon Emperor hallucinated and the “big white sister” Hong’er mentioned.

The one who instantly saved the Blue Dragon Emperor who should’ve died, the one who quickly awakened him from near death after his battle with Mo Beichen, the one who healed at least eighty percent of his internal injuries when he awakened after falling into the abyssal turbulence…

It was only now when he was clear-headed that he realized how terrifying this healing power was. The white figure slowly answered, “I was already close to you when I awakened. These past couple of years, I have newly constructed my own knowledge based on the knowledge you gained and gradually pieced together the fragmented memories, regaining my name along with it.”

“Li… Suo.”

White light flowed and all of Yun Che’s external injuries instantly disappeared without a trace.

Yun Che, however, seemed to not notice it at all. He blankly stared at the fantastical white figure in front of him as if he had actually been brought into an illusory dream world.

Because what rang in his soul was the name of a Creation God.

 …………

This was an enormous mountain range that continuously stretched across five million kilometers. Several hundred thousand mountains pierced the heavens and overlooked the world like giant beasts.

A cluster of mountains surrounded a huge barrier that had existed for a countless number of years. It isolated abyssal dust as well as the intrusion of any foreign race.

A petite figure in a gray robe flew through the barrier and directly descended.

When she landed, a gentle voice stopped her in her tracks. 

“Long Xi, you’re back.”

The middle-aged man who spoke had fair skin and an elegant appearance that did not lack valiance. However, his draconic eyes contained a divine light capable of instantly frightening all creation.

He sized up Long Xi and suddenly frowned. “You’re injured?”

“Mn.” Yun Xi gave him an extremely cold reply before she walked past him.

The middle-aged man was obviously long accustomed to this because he did not get angry as he turned around and persuaded, “Long Xi, why must you try to be brave all by yourself. You already know about the ‘Eternal Pure Land’. If you fulfill the dragon lord’s wishes and take him as your father, you…” 

“Scram!”

The shout made the middle-aged man choke back the rest of his sentence. He helplessly shook his head with pity as he watched Yun Xi get further away.

Once she returned to her mountain area and passed through a small barrier, Yun Xi’s steps grew lighter as the coldness on her face instantly dispersed.

She arrived in front of an upright tombstone and slowly went down on her knees. But this small bit of peace that had just begun was broken by a rough voice.

Bang bang bang!

The sound of the barrier being hit came over, followed by a man’s impatient roar, “Long Xi, get the hell out here!”

Yun Xi’s closed eyes opened, her face expressionless.

Her figure flashed and instantly appeared before the barrier. When a gap opened in the barrier, the guy yelling also came before Yun Xi’s eyes.

It was a tall man with a treacherous gaze. Be it his appearance or his name, no dragon within this mountain range did not know him.

He was the sole successor of the Ancestral Dragon bloodline in this generation. 

The young dragon lord who would soon lead every dragon clan in the Abyss.

Long Wangchu. He narrowed his eyes when he saw Yun Xi… No matter how many times he saw her, the two incomparably repulsive black scars on her face would always bring him extreme discomfort. It was like seeing the most immaculate jade in the world being stained by the dirtiest filth.

“Yo! You’re back. I almost thought that you ran away and randomly died out there.” In front of his impetuous gaze and taunting words, Yun Xi pointed a finger at her heart… Her face suddenly lost all color and took on a sickly pale hue as a drop of blood condensed on her fingertip. She then pushed it toward Long Wangchu.

“Take it and leave!”

Not bothering to even give him a second glance, she turned around and left with the barrier behind her also slowly closing.

The small blood droplet instantly captured Long Wangchu’s eyes. He eagerly snatched it but instead of leaving, he teleported into the barrier before it had yet to fully close. 

A bone-quenching cold light instantly solidified within Yun Xi’s eyes. “You know, Long Xi. This blood essence is late by a full thirty eight hours, which means that you made me wait for all thirty eight of those hours.” Long Wangchu’s tone of voice slowly sunk, “You’ve been getting more and more arrogant by the day. If it happens again…”

“No one is allowed to break into this barrier, the dragon lord included.” Yun Xi said indifferently. “This was a ban personally issued by the dragon lord himself back then. Did you forget?”

“Heh. Hahahaha!” Long Wangchu laughed wildly, “But I just want to break in, what can you do to me? I’m actually pretty curious how a broken… Uuaah!”

Boom!

A huge pale dragon claw ferociously slapped Long Wangchu against the barrier.

“You…” Long Wangchu’s eyes widened. Before he was able to execute his counterattack, he was violently pressed down. Both his arms were roughly twisted back by the claw and were snapped apart alongside the thundering sound of breaking bones.

“UUAAAAAAAAAHH!”

The miserable shrill of a grievous spirit came out from Long Wangchu’s lips. Yun Xi’s fingers slowly closed and used the pale dragon claw to wrap his shattered arms together.

“Long Wangchu, I’ve always seen you as a hopping little clown no matter how cocky you act in front of me. You were never worth my attention. But you’ve touched my bottom line the moment you dared to step in here!”

“You… you!” Long Wangchu’s eyes bulged with complete disbelief.

Although he was five times as old as Long Xi, he was still considered young in the dragon race and had cultivated to the eighth level of the Divine Master Realm. To dragons, this kind of cultivation level at his age was already considered a peak talent, unmatched by peers of the same age.

Except Long Xi!

His fierce progress that had out paced his seniors in these recent years had all been granted by Yun Xi’s blood essence.

He was this generation’s only Ancestral Dragon, the future dragon lord. No matter how high Long Xi’s innate talent was, she was still an outside dragon of unknown origins. The highest level resources should all belong to him, and it was natural for all dragons to sacrifice themselves for him.

He would never imagine that this scar faced dragon girl, someone who should sacrifice herself for him, would dare injure him.

“You dare… hurt me!” Long Wangchu gnashed his teeth, his gaze malevolent.

“Hurt you?” Yun Xi smiled widely, “I even dare to kill you. Do you believe me?”

“Heh, heh heh…” Long Wangchu’s distorted face laughed coldly. “Just with…”

Rip!!

A sword beam shot out of Yun Xi’s wide sleeves and ruthlessly pierced through Long Wangchu’s throat, the sharp ends of the sword penetrating his neck.

“Urk… ahh, ahhh, ahh… ah…” The burst open blood stains instantly filled Long Wangchu’s eyes. Malevolence and shock completely vanished from his pale face, leaving behind an immense terror.

Yun Xi slowly approached. The faint smile combined with the terrifying black scars made an invisible fear gnaw like countless devils at Long Wangchu’s quaking body. “So what if I kill you? At best it’s a life for a life.”

“You are the young dragon lord with a boundless future. But me? I have nothing. I don’t have a single tie in the world, and the thing I fear the least is death.”

Rip!!

Another section of the sword was pressed against Long Wangchu’s neck, nearly severing his throat. “Speaking of which, the ones in this clan who don’t wish for me to die the most isn’t even me, but your father, your dragon lord, and your elders.” Yun Xi slowly stated, her gloomy gaze seemed as though she was looking at a dying inferior being. “Because if I die, then a loser like you would really be hopeless. If you’re hopeless, then your Ancestral Dragon bloodline will also be hopeless.”

 “So they practically have to beg me to stay alive. This barrier that no one is allowed to break into was also one of the conditions of the deal. But what a pity. Trash like you is always a disappointment. You actually dared to touch my taboo. If that’s the case, I might as well kill you. Who knows? Maybe the dragon lord might not even bear to kill me even if you die.”

Her cold killing intent was so thick that it seemed to have materialized as it pierced through every one of his crazily trembling nerves.

“Wa… W-wait…” Long Wangchu’s eyes bulged, hoarse words struggled to come out of his broken throat as his legs wobbled in place. “Sp-spare me…”

It was because that was not a threat or intimidation, but a true terror of death that inched closer.

“Huh?” Yun Xi narrowed her eyes. “What did you say? I didn’t hear it quite clearly.”

“Spare me… Spare me…” After seeing a chance for survival, he squeezed out his voice with all his might, “I… made a big… mistake… Ugh… Spare me…”

“Then do you dare come here in the future?” Yun Xi said as she looked down.

A pleading expression emerged within Long Wangchu’s eyes. “No… Never dare… again.”

“Very well.” Yun Xi’s brows slightly relaxed. “I hope that you’ll understand one thing after today… You can mess with anyone but never mess with a madman who has nothing to lose!” 

Rip!

The sword was pulled out from Long Wangchu’s throat and the dragon claw that had been pressed on his body disappeared as well. The barrier opened, then closed after an enormous force tossed him out like a worn out shoe.

“Cough… cough, cough… Blargh… cough, cough…”

Long Wangchu wildly coughed out bloody foam and used his dragon energy to forcefully repair his broken arms. One arm struggled to cover his throat injury and another scratched into the ground as he tried to panickedly claw away from Yun Xi.

Death had never been as close to him than today and terror had never been this bone-chilling… He, who had grown up basked in worship since he was young, had been scared witless.

“Speaking of which, I might as well tell you one more thing.”

A small crack opened on the barrier, carrying the sound of Yun Xi’s terrifying voice. “The pioneer sent by the Pure Land has successfully reached the ‘Eternal Pure Land’. Do you know what this means?”

“...” Long Wangchu raised his eyes in pain and fear, his face full of shock.Emerging from the sanctum of Nøv€lß¡n☆, this essence holds secrets untold.

“After confirming the location of the ‘Eternal Pure Land’, the next time the passageway opens, the Abyssal Monarch will be bringing people to the Eternal Pure Land. That pioneer knight Mo Beichen probably has that Eternal Pure Land within his grasp and is waiting for the Abyssal Monarch’s arrival.”

“But there are only a limited number of people who can go through the passage every time. Who do you think will qualify to go? And who will be abandoned?”

“The answer is obvious… Trash is destined to be abandoned. Hm? Judging by your expression, do you… actually not know about this yet?”

“...” Long Wangchu’s throat bones chattered and his eyes that had just contracted enlarged again.

“Aside from the Pure Land, the Six Kingdoms of God and the dragon clan all know about this. The dragon lord told me about it, but he didn’t tell you… what do you think this means?”

Long Wangchu stood in place, his broken throat continuously letting out garbled sounds. He wasn’t willing to believe it, nor did he dare believe it.

“I can’t wait to see the dragon lord’s reaction when you go and complain to him like the unqualified trash you are.”

The barrier closed and silence returned.

Yun Xi turned around, no longer worried if Long Wangchu would take revenge, or tattle, or swallow his misery.

With no one to disturb her now, she once again kneeled before the tombstone. She placed her hand over her heart and closed her eyes, swaying a little.

She was injured, had lost her blood essence, and had also expended energy to attack Long Wangchu… But to her, that kind of pain was not worth mentioning, nor was it worthy of her showing even a hint of pain in this uninhabited place.

“Mother, I got the Qilin Bone Spirit Orchid. Of the Five Spirit Treasures, I already have four of them. I’m only missing one… By then I should… No, I will definitely bring you back.”

“Wait for me, just wait a while longer… Please wait for me… It really won’t take too long.”

She softly muttered and continued to talk as if her mother was quietly listening in front of her. “Mother, I’m all grown up… This refuge was exchanged for my blood essence. It was a fair deal without any emotional entanglement. When you’re back, you’re free to stay or leave and you don’t have to be controlled by anyone and anything. There will be no ties like the ones back in the Dragon God Realm… no events like the ones back then…”

“When the time comes, I’ll protect you and you’ll protect me. We’ll go wherever we want to go… Okay…”

“...”

“Mother, I… saw him… He’s not dead like the way you said back then and he’s even come to the Abyss…”

“I’ve clearly already dug out the word father from my life, but I still couldn’t control myself when I saw him… I vented hard… vented very ugly… as ugly as a young child… Hah, how laughable.”

“I know that even if it’s a disaster like that… you would still want to reunite him… you have to come back, even if it’s to see him again… please… I’m begging you…”

“Don’t… disappear…”

“Mother… You are all I have left… You really are… all I have left…”

Her hand stroked the top of the tombstone. Hidden within the soil in front of the tombstone was almost her entire lifetime’s worth of tears.

 …………

Long Wangchu’s forcefully straightened his arms and wrapped his neck injury with his shirt. As he was staggering back to his mountain area, a mighty yet ordinary voice rang out, “Wangchu, what happened?”

Long Wangchu’s footsteps paused. A gleam of hatred flashed in his eyes which then was replaced with struggle. He eventually turned around, trying his best to keep a calm face. “Nothing much. I accidentally got hurt while cultivating. Thank you for worrying about me, grand elder.”

The grand elder slightly frowned when his gaze swept across his neck, but he didn’t pursue the matter. He said indifferently, “Alright, you’re bound to get hurt while cultivating so it’s good that it’s nothing much.”

Right when he was about to leave, Long Wangchu stopped him. “Grand elder, I have a question. I heard that the Abyssal Knights dispatched by the Pure Land managed to reach the ‘Eternal Pure Land’?”

The grand elder suddenly turned his gaze. “How do you know… Ah, so it seems like the dragon lord couldn’t hold it in and told you in advance. No matter.”

The corner of Long Wangchu’s mouth twitched unnaturally.

“That’s right. The pioneer knights successfully reached the ‘Eternal Pure Land’ and sent us a message before the passageway closed. That was a year ago, but only one month should have passed in the ‘Eternal Pure Land’ due to the Black Tide of Time.”

“However, the power levels in the ‘Eternal Pure Land’ are really low. The Divine Master Realm is its peak. A month should be enough for the Abyssal Knights to take control of the situation.”

“Hmph, that Abyssal Knight Mo Beichen got lucky. As a pioneer, he’ll be immortalized in history forever.”

Long Wangchu’s heart stirred… What Long Xi said was true! And the dragon lord had actually told her about it first instead of him.

He secretly breathed in and continued probing, “Then… if the passageway opens again… how many people can pass through?”

The grand elder gave him a deep look and said, “Only the Abyssal Monarch can open the passageway and it can only be opened once every fifty years. As for the number of people who can pass through, this is also something only the Abyssal Monarch knows. But… abandonment is necessary.”

Once the Abyss loses the Pure Land, loses the Kingdoms…

It would truly become an abyss of death.

“The assistance of the Six Kingdoms and our power is needed to open the passageway, so that’s why we are the only ones who know about it at the moment. Take care to not leak this out to others, this includes the other dragon clans outside our own.” The grand elder warned him in a deep voice, even though he was sure that the dragon lord had long repeated the same warning.

“Don’t worry grand elder, I understand.” Long Wangchu promptly nodded his head in response but the moment he turned around, he gritted his teeth, his heart falling into chaos.

