

Chapter 1374 - Imperial Maid

 Chapter 1374 - Imperial Maid


 “Brother-in-law, how did you lose your profound strength? And how did you make it back from God Realm if you didn’t have any profound strength?”


 Xia Yuanba asked the question everyone wanted to know the answer to.


 “It’s... very complicated. I’ll tell you about it in the future.” It was the only reply Yun Che could give. The twists and turns behind his resurrection had been both complicated and incomprehensible, also... he couldn’t possibly tell them that he had returned only because he had died, could he?


 “Oh right,” Yun Che said, “when I was in the God Realm, I found...”


 Yun Che suddenly stopped himself... He had wanted to tell Xia Yuanba that he had found Xia Qingyue in the Eastern Divine Region, and that he had learned of his mother’s location. However, that also meant that Yuanba, motivated by his findings, would probably set out to the God Realm to find them when he cultivated to the Divine Profound Realm one day.


 Xia Yuanba had been born with the Tyrannical Emperor’s Divine Veins thanks to Yue Wugou’s Divine Stainless Body. Having spent a couple of years in the God Realm, Yun Che knew very well just how incredible the Tyrannical Emperor’s Divine Veins really were. If Yuanba really wants to achieve the divine way, then not even the inferior environment of a lower realm was going to stop him. It would just be a matter of time.


 But when he recalled that both women were currently in the Moon God Realm, a plane that was far beyond Yuanba’s reach, when he recalled that the Eastern Divine Region’s laws of survival were far crueler than they were in the lower realms, and when he recalled the reason why neither Yue Wugou nor Xia Qingyue were able to return home... Yun Che quickly corrected himself after the pause and said, “I found a couple of profound arts that are quite suited for you. I’ll tell you all about them another day.”


 “Wah! Really!?” Xia Yuanba was so excited his eyes were bulging. As the possessor of the Tyrannical Emperor’s Divine Veins, Yuanba’s desire to improve his profound way became his number one passion the day it had taken root in his soul. It was why Yun Che’s mention of the God Realm’s profounds art had lit up every flame that existed in his heart.


 “Say,” Yun Che shot a glance at Xian Yuanba’s increasingly ridiculous body shape before asking, “Have you found someone and gotten married while I was gone?”


 “Gotten married?” Xian Yuanba looked confused, “No I haven’t. Why would I want to get married?”


 “...Never mind, just assume that I never asked,” Yun Che replied with a look of worry. Age wise, Xia Yuanba was only one year younger than him, and his own child was already eleven years old. But not only had Yuanba not touched a woman in his entire life, he didn’t even seem to be remotely interested in them!?


 As the Saint Emperor of Absolute Monarch Sanctuary and one of the strongest profound practitioners in the entire Profound Sky Continent, this man was practically a disgrace to all the Saint Emperors before him!


 A long time ago, Jasmine had said that a profound practitioner whose Tyrannical Emperor’s Divine Veins had awakened would transform into a freak who was obsessed with the profound way and only the profound way... she was right!


 “Xue’er, Caiyi, I’ve also gotten the complete version of the World Ode of the Phoenix and the Golden Crow’s Record of the Burning World. I’ll teach them to you both later.”


 “Ah?” Feng Xue’er exclaimed in pleasant surprise, “The complete version... of the World Ode of the Phoenix?”


 “Mn. There are a total of ten stages in the complete World Ode of the Phoenix, and I acquired it while I was visiting a star realm called the Flame God Realm. It was the Phoenix Spirit there who gifted me the complete World Ode of the Phoenix.”
Ñøv€l--ß1n hosted the premiere release of this chapter.

 In fact, not only did he obtain the complete version of the Phoenix and the Golden Crow’s divine arts, he had even cultivated their ultimate techniques, World Illuminator Red Lotus and Nine Suns Heaven’s Fury... Unfortunately, that was all in the past now.


 “We will speak of this in the future.” The Little Demon Empress’ reaction was mild compared to Xue’er’s, however, “For now, let us return to the Demon Imperial City and meet with father and mother.”


 “...” Yun Che’s heart surged like a tidal wave as he looked at her, “Have father and mother... heard of my return already?”


 “I sent a message to them before I came here,” the Little Demon Empress replied. “They must be feeling quite anxious to see you right now.”


 “Alright!” Yun Che got up and pulled Yun Wuxin to his side, “Xin’er, let’s go meet your grandpa and grandma.”


 But Chu Yuechan suddenly spoke up with shifty eyes, “I... wish to take a look around Frozen Cloud Asgard.”


 At first, Yun Che was surprised by her outburst. Then, the answer hit him and caused the corner of his lips to curl slightly. Apparently, not even Chu Yuechan was immune to stage fright. He took a step forwards to hold her hand, “I’ll accompany you to Frozen Cloud Asgard later, but right now it is more important that we meet with father and mother, am I right? My mother would surely nag me to death if you don’t come.”


 Chu Yuechan tried to withdraw her hand weakly, but that was all the resistance she could muster before she gave in.


 “Big Brother Benefactor.” Suddenly, Feng Xian’er spoke up in a timid voice, “Can I... accompany you... to the Illusory Demon Realm too?”


 “Huh?” Yun Che was a little caught off guard, but he quickly replied, “Of course you can. I told you that you may find me at Imperial Demon City any time you wish.”


 “What... what I mean is...” Feng Xian’er looked down while strangling her sash nervously, “Lord Phoenix God ordered me to... be your personal maid... to protect you at all times... until the day it passes from this world.”


 She had barely been able to finish her sentence, and by the time she was finally done her chin was threatening to sink into her own chest. She dared not even look up until a very long time later.


 Little Demon Empress: “......？”


 Su Ling’er: “(￣.￣)？”


 Xiao Lingxi: “...... Eh?”


 Feng Xue’er: “→_→？”


 Chu Yuechan: “......”


 Xia Yuanba: “(⊙o⊙)...”


 “...” Yun Che scratched the tip of his nose once before he snuck a peek at the girls’ reactions. Then, he said carefully, “Your Lord Phoenix God probably doesn’t look beyond its borders often, does it? The Yun Family is the strongest Guardian Family in the Illusory Demon Realm, so no one would dare harm me there. As for the Profound Sky Continent, my safety is even less of an issue since Absolute Monarch Sanctuary is Yuanba’s, the Divine Phoenix Sect is Xian’er’s, and Frozen Cloud Asgard is... er, mine, I guess? So I highly doubt that I’ll run into any danger be it the Profound Sky Continent or Illusory Demon Realm. I don’t think I can run into one even if I try.”


 Feng Xian’er, “...”


 “Besides, you’re the descendant of the Phoenix, aren’t you? With such an identity, there isn’t anyone in this world who deserves to have you as their maid,” Yun Che added. At the same time, he complained in his head: Did that Phoenix Soul seriously ask one of its purest, most talented descendants to become his maid? Did its brain crash or something!?


 But Cang Yue chose this moment to speak up with a smile, “It is a little unjust towards Xian’er, but I find this arrangement quite perfect for our needs.”


 “Mn?” Yun Che was caught off guard yet again.


 Cang Yue shot a glance at Xian’er before smiling, “Big Sister Caiyi is the Little Demon Empress of Illusory Demon Realm, and there are many things she needs to busy herself with. Big Sister Yuechan has to take care of Wuxin. Xue’er is the Divine Phoenix Sect’s sect master, and the sect needs her to carry out its daily duties. Lingxi needs to take care of Grandpa Xiao, Ling’er needs to practice her medicine, and I need to handle my own nation. Long story short, none of us are able to accompany you at all times, husband.”


 “But Xian’er is a pure-hearted soul who has grown up in a land of peace. She has no worldly duties to attend to, and she’s at the Emperor Profound Realm. We’d all feel a lot more at ease if she was around to take care of you and protect you at all times.”


 “...” Yun Che’s mouth was agape. There was actually... nothing he could think of that could counter Cang Yue’s reasoning at all.


 “Besides, that is the will of the Phoenix God, is it not? It must have its own reasons for putting out such an order.” In fact, this was the biggest reason Cang Yue had agreed with the arrangement. She looked at Feng Xian’er with warm and sincere eyes and said, “So, please take care of our husband while we’re gone, Xian’er.”


 “Mn. I... I will do my best,” Feng Xian’er replied with her head still bowed. Right now she lacked the courage to look anyone in the eye... especially Yun Che.


 “Alright, that is decided then. Father and mother must be getting very anxious already, so let’s not keep them waiting any longer, shall we?” Cang Yue said before pushing Yun Che gently towards the direction of the teleportation formation.


 Back then, Yun Che had ordered all four Holy Lands to splash a huge amount of resources to construct a super long distance teleportation formation, connecting both the Profound Sky Continent and Illusory Demon Realm. Moreover, he had also set up a couple of smaller teleportation formations at the Yun Family’s residence, Blue Wind Imperial City, the Divine Phoenix Sect, and Frozen Cloud Asgard for their personal use.


 He then eliminated both Sun Moon Divine Hall and Mighty Heavenly Sword Region after the work was completed, as they had ceased to be useful.


 When Yun Che stepped out of the teleportation formation, he was immediately greeted by a vast space. Yun Che let out an urgent cry and rushed to the front, moving past the courtyard gates and finding Yun Qinghong and Mu Yurou waiting for him.


 Yun Che’s eyes shuddered as he dropped on his knees. Then, he whispered, “Father... mother. Your son has been unfilial. I’ve made you worry again for such a long time.”


 “Mn.” Yun Qinghong nodded with a smile, “You’ve shown the greatest filial piety just by coming home safely.”


 “Che’er!” Mu Yurou rushed forwards and lifted him with both arms. Her voice was sobbing the moment she had started to speak, “It’s good that you’re home. For the past few years, mother has been...”


 “Alright, alright,” Yun Qinghong chuckled, “Now that Che’er has returned safe and sound, there’s no need to worry anymore.”


 Mu Yurou wiped away her tears before smiling, “I heard that you’ve lost your profound strength from Caiyi. That’s not all bad. In the past, you have been the one to protect the Yun Family and us. Now, mother can finally return the favor in kind and protect her own child.”


 “Mn!” Yun Che nodded strongly with teary eyes, “From here on, I will always be under your wing. I won’t make the two of you worry any longer.”


 Yun Qinghong couldn’t find the darkness he was worried about from Yun Che’s expression or words, so he was both relieved and proud of his son. In fact, he found it almost unimaginable that Yun Che had somehow managed to overcome such a drastic and terrible turn of fate. Then, he turned to look at the Phoenix girl standing behind Yun Che before asking, “Che’er, who is this lady?”


 Feng Xian’er walked forwards and bowed towards them, “This junior’s name is Feng Xian’er. I... I am Big Brother Benefactor’s personal maid... greeting Uncle and Auntie.”


 “Maid...?” Yun Qinghong’s eyebrows moved a little as surprise colored his features.


 Feng Xian’er was as pretty as a flower and as fragrant as an orchid. Her phoenix aura also gave her an indescribable sense of nobility, the kind that not even the women of the prince’s mansion could hope to achieve. And her cultivation... how on earth could she possibly be a personal maid?


 “About this... it’s going to take some time to explain,” Yun Che grimaced a little as he replied. He himself hadn’t been able to accept it yet.


 But Mu Yurou gave him a meaningful smile and said, “It’s okay, mother understands everything. Xian’er, since you’re Che’er personal maid, please take good care of Che’er, and do treat this place like your own home, alright?”


 “...Yes, ma’am,” Feng Xian’er bowed again.


 “Eh?” Yun Che looked up, “Are you misunderstanding something, mother?”


 “Everything is going as you wish it to be, so what misunderstanding could there possibly be?” Mu Yurou said smiling before looking behind him, “Speaking of which, would you like to introduce your companions?”


 Yun Che turned around to look behind him, and it was only then he noticed that neither Chu Yuechan nor Yun Wuxin had followed him... they were hiding behind the courtyard gate and revealing just a bit of sleeve.


 Yun Che slapped himself in the head once before he ran back to the courtyard gates. Then, he held both their hands before pulling them into Yun Qinghong and Mu Yurou’s vision.


 Chu Yuechan had been a cold, unfeeling person who cared naught for worldly rites her whole life... or at least that was what she had believed herself to be until now. For whatever reason, she had never felt as timid as when she was facing Yun Che’s parents.


 In comparison, Yun Wuxin was one-third shy and two-thirds curious.


 “Father, mother,” Yun Che said seriously as he stood before his parents, “this is Yuechan, and this is our daughter... I’ve finally found them after losing them both for twelve years.”


 Yun Qinghong and Mu Yurou shuddered violently at the same time.


 “Yue... chan...” How could Mu Yurou not know this name? From the day she had learned about the incident from the women of Frozen Cloud Asgard by accident, it had become a permanent knot in her heart. Mu Yurou’s eyes blurred instantly as she stared at Chu Yuechan and the girl they were holding hands with; the girl that was tied to them by blood. She raised her hands slowly, but she suddenly fell backwards when a dizzy spell struck her out of nowhere.


 Yun Qinghong swiftly acted to catch her before she hit the ground. Meanwhile, Chu Yuechan was already bowing down slowly, “Woman of Blue Wind, Chu Yuechan, greets Uncle and Auntie.”


 “...” Yun Qinghong was a patriarch who had stayed calm even in the face of family annihilation, but it was obvious that he was so shaken that even words were beyond him at this moment.


 “Yuechan...” Mu Yurou broke out in tears as she pushed Yun Qinghong away gently before acting to lift Chu Yuechan to her feet, “Finally... Finally, Che’er has found you... but... how... how can the Yun Family possibly repay our debt to you...”


 ————


 Above the clouds, Mu Xuanyin finally withdrew her gaze from Yun Che before turning around and leaving without a sound.


 She did not leave even a single trace behind, just like a light cloud that could be brushed away by a single breeze.

