

Chapter 935 - Mu Xiaolan

  

 The speed of the figure before him was fast to the point where it shocked him. Yun Che blanked for a moment when he saw that what appeared before him was actually a girl not more than twenty dressed in luxurious blue clothes.


 At his current height of attainment, he was well aware of every peak expert in the Profound Sky Continent or the Illusory Demon Realm. As for the girl before his eyes, the speed with which she arrived previously was enough to shock him and even her profound strength aura was something he found unfathomable... at the very least, it had to be higher than the fifth level of the Sovereign Profound Realm.


 With such an age paired with such a cultivation level, her name ought to shake the world, yet he had actually never seen her before.


 “Who are you?” Yun Che furrowed his brows.


 “You... hurry up and release my Master!” The blue clothed girl was so anxious that she nearly started crying. She had just personally witnessed the evil deeds of the man before her and now the esteemed master she respected the most was actually locked within this evil man’s embrace. This was a tremendous profanity that was simply unacceptable, simply unforgivable!


 “Master?” Yun Che lowered his to look at the white clothed female with closed eyes who had lost consciousness. Instead of loosening his grasp, he tightened his embrace. “Answer me first, who are you?”


 “Y-y-you!” Yun Che’s action caused the blue clothed girl to turn pale. She took a fierce step forward but then immediately retrieved it... Her master was in Yun Che’s embrace, weak to the point of having lost consciousness and had no power to resist anything. Even if she was even more anxious and hated him so much that her teeth went numb, she still wouldn’t dare to act without thinking. “Y-you... hurry up and let my Master go. Or else... or else I won’t be polite! I’m warning you right now, I’m really strong!”


 The blue clothed girl’s continuous shouts had long since alarmed the entire Frozen Cloud Asgard. Celestial figures danced behind him as Feng Xue’er, Murong Qianxue and the rest all rapidly flew over, landing behind Yun Che.


 “Asgard Master, what has happened?” Murong Qianxue glanced at the blue clothed girl before them, then looked at the white clothed female in Yun Che’s embrace who had an incredibly weak aura. Her crescent brows raised. “Who are they?”


 “Big Brother Yun. She... seems...” Feng Xue’er detected the unusual condition of the white clothed female in Yun Che’s arms. Her life force was already weak to the point where she could possibly lose her life.


 “She’s been poisoned and it’s an extremely terrifying poison at that,” Yun Che said in a low voice... The dreadful poison that the white clothed female was infected with was one he had never seen before. Even though it fell short of Jasmine’s Absolute God Slaying Poison, its terror definitely still surpassed all the poison Yun Che had seen in this world.


 What was even more terrifying was that the poison she had been infected with had spread throughout her entire body, infiltrating every corner of it. It had even completely fused with her life force and profound strength... it was obvious that she had been poisoned a long time ago. At this point in time, it was already too late. Even if this poison’s antidote were to be found or if one used a strong enough profound energy to disperse the poison, there was no hope in saving her life.


 Unless it was... the Sky Poison Pearl.


 When he muttered that, Yun Che’s left hand had already begun to silently gather the power of the Rage God. At present, he had to forcefully replenish her life force. Even if he directly purified the toxin, it would only quicken her death.


 The blue clothed girl became panicked even more after alarming this many people. She frantically shouted, “You all... give me back my Master! Or else, I really will...”


 “Asgard Master, who are they? Why would they appear here?” Mu Lanyi asked. The current Frozen Cloud Asgard was already different from the past. No one would enter the Snow Region of Extreme Ice without thought.


 “I don’t know.” Yun Che shook his head. He held the white clothed female in one hand as he gently pressed his left hand, which was condensed with the power of the Rage God, onto her chest. The rich power of heaven and earth immediately rushed into her life vein along with a bit of the Sky Poison Pearl’s purifying power.


 If he wanted to save her life, he had to help stabilize her vitality before cleansing her life vein little by little with the Sky Poison Pearl.


 “Ah!” Yun Che’s action caused the blue clothed girl to yell in surprise, “Y-you lowly man, get you filthy hands off my Master’s body!”


 “Little miss.” Murong Qianxue took a step forward with an indignant expression on her face. “We can put the matter of you trespassing on our Snow Region of Extreme Ice for now but if you dare be this respectful to our Asgard Master, don’t blame us for not being polite!”


 “Hmph!” The blue clothed girl was both anxious and angry. She pointed at Feng Hanyue, who was beside Murong Qianxue and stated, “Am I wrong? He’s obviously just a lowly person. Just before, I personally saw him touching her... her breasts! Pooh pooh pooh, that was unbearably vulgar!”


 Frozen Cloud girls. “...”


 “Ah? Big Sister, Asgard Master was bullying you again?” Feng Hanxue said in shock.


 “Stop... stop talking!” Feng Hanyue covered her face with her hands.


 “Big Brother Yun, you...”


 “Cough cough cough.” Even if Yun Che’s skin was a thick as a city’s wall, being “exposed” in front of everyone was something he couldn’t withstand. With a solemn face, he slowly stated, “The consequences of your words will be very serious.”


 As he said that, Yun Che used slightly more force on the hand that had been pressing on the white clothed female’s chest. Along with the pressure on her snowy clothes, the outline of two erect, perfectly round moons that released a holy charm could be distinctly seen.


 “Y-y-you.. Let go of my Master!” The blue clothed girl’s mind had long wanted to split Yun Che into several pieces and now she completely exploded due to Yun Che’s current actions. With a furious shout, she flew up and charged straight for Yun Che... The instant she flew, a faint blue colored ball of profound energy silently erupted from her body.


 “How dare you!?” Murong Qianxue’s slender brows wrinkled as cold energy congealed in her her jade hands. Her hands became two streaks of deep blue as she welcomed the blue clothed girl.


 “Senior Master Murong, dodge!”


 As soon as Murong Qianxue rose, the Yun Che behind her suddenly roared... The instant the profound energy on the blue clothed girl’s body burst, Yun Che’s complexion changed. Even though the other party only released a bit of her profound strength, the spiritual pressure it contained was clearly strong to the point of abnormality.


 In that instant, it gave Yun Che’s soul a suppressive feeling that was not inferior to Xuanyuan Wentian in his peak condition!!


 This kind of power was simply not something Murong Qianxue was able to withstand. If the blue clothed girl did not withdraw her hand and completely smashed it onto Murong Qianxue, Murong Qianxue would be destined for death.


 Yun Che no longer cared about anything else. He didn’t even have time to let go of the white clothed female as he used Star God’s Broken Shadow to instantly dash in front of Murong Qianxue. He released all the profound energy in his body and forcibly pushed her away as he welcomed the blue clothed girl’s attack with his left hand.


 Bang!!


 Boom


 Yun Che’s hand made contact with the blue light... that blue light was extremely soft and it seemed especially gentle, so much that it even gave off a bit of an illusory feeling. However, in a split second, it released an extremely terrifying power. Yun Che let out a dull groan as he was shot flying. When he landed, he slid back for almost three hundred meters before coming to a halt. His left hand slightly shivered with numbness.


 As for the place where their powers collided, space had completely caved in. A ravine that was several tens of meters long was split open before instantly expanding a few kilometers outwards, drawing a thick black scar on the Snow Region’s originally snow filled surface.


 “Asgard Master!!”


 “Big Brother Yun!!”


 Toward this scene and this kind of outcome, everyone present... including Yun Che himself was caught by surprise. Feng Xue’er and all of the Frozen Cloud females hurried sped to Yun Che’s side amidst their shocked cries.


 “I’m fine.” Yun Che stood up and lightly sucked in a breath of air, his brows completely sunk.


 As for Feng Xue’er and the Frozen Cloud ladies, the way they looked at the blue clothed girl had already changed. Yun Che’s profound strength was publicly acknowledged to be the Profound Sky Continent’s best... and he was even the unprecedented foremost person in all of history. He alone could easily trample the Sacred Grounds who once held the position of the continent’s top power.


 However, when Yun Che faced off against that blue clothed girl earlier, the one who held the advantage was actually that blue clothed girl... and it was even an obvious advantage. The faint blue light, which seemed to possess hardly any power, had almost cracked open the entire Snow Region of Extreme Ice.


 “How about it, do you see my power now!?” The blue clothed girl swiftly approached with an arrogant tone of voice. “If I wasn’t afraid that I would injure Master, I would’ve snapped off both of those hands that violated her! Hurry up and obediently release my Master and then scram. Else... else... else... you all know the consequences!”


 Even though arrogance was spread across the blue clothed girl’s face, she was secretly shocked... Weird, his profound strength is only at the fifth level of the Sovereign Profound Realm. That last strike should’ve left him half dead so I could directly snatch Master back right after but he actually... seems to not be injured at all?


 “Who exactly are you?” Jun Lianqie said sharply.


 Yun Che handed the white clothed female to Feng Xue’er and shook his numb left hand. He slowly advanced and said in a low voice. “It looks like I have to properly educate you today.”


 “Ah! Big Brother Yun!” Feng Xue’er hurriedly reached out a hand to stop him. She gently shook her head. “Don’t. If you use all your power, the new Frozen Cloud Asgard that had been rebuilt with great effort would be destroyed again.”


 “...” Yun Che’s footsteps immediately paused.


 “Besides, this little sister doesn’t seem to have any evil intentions, she’s actually kind of cute. She seems like she really just wants her Master back.” Feng Xue’er glanced at the white clothed female and then suddenly laughed. “Big Brother Yun, it can’t be that you feel that her Master is pretty and can’t bear to part with her, right?”


 “It has nothing to do with that woman.” Yun Che slightly gritted his teeth and said angrily, “This girl who came from who knows where suddenly appears and actually... actually dares to sully my great Asgard Master name! Simply unforgivable!”


 “Pfft...” Feng Xue’er laughed with covered lips.


 “Hey! Are you guys even listening to me!?” the blue clothed girl asked impatiently. “Hurry up and release my Master! Or else... I really will make a move.”


 Yun Che no longer came closer. Instead, he took a step back, reached out his hand, spreading it across the front of the white clothed female’s chest and laughed. “What if I still don’t feel like it?”


 “Y-you!” After helplessly seeing Yun Che’s hands right at the white clothed female’s chest area with his palm nearly touching the breasts beneath the snowy clothes, the eyes of the blue clothed girl burned with rage as all the profound energy in her body went into turmoil. “You bastard, you hateful, despicable, shameless, low person!! I... I really will get angry!!”


 Her vocabulary list of curses was exceedingly short and it only amounted to those few words. That joined with the way she looked when she was yelling... even though she was extremely serious and was cursing quite angrily, there didn’t seem to be any power behind it. Forget about making the other party angry, if any other person were to face this, they would even laugh out loud.


 However, her “anger” was indeed real. She stretched out a hand and a blue light flashed within her palm. A snowstorm suddenly emerged out of the blue and covered Murong Qianxue, the person closest to her. Following the howling of the snow, the snowstorm instantly picked up Murong Qianxue and immediately swept her beside the blue clothed girl.


 Ding!!


 Cold light flashed. Murong Qianxue’s body was instantly covered with a layer of weak, blue light and all the profound strength in her body was firmly sealed. The blue clothed girl grabbed Murong Qianxue’s arm as she glared at Yun Che. “Hurry up and give me back my Master or else I’ll... I’ll...”


 She did her best to appear vicious but her voice still trembled slightly as deep nervousness clearly flickered in her eyes... As a kidnapper, she was even more nervous than the kidnapped person.


 “Little miss,” Compared to the blue clothed girl’s evident panic, Yun Che was actually calm as he slowly stated, “Let me earnestly warn you of two things. One, I really hate it when others threaten me. Up to this day, all those that threatened my people would suffer some comparatively grave consequences. Two, the reason why I haven’t given you your so-called Master back yet is because I was saving her. She has been poisoned for several years and she nearly lost her life just now. The reason why I pressed my hand on her body was to give her energy to replenish her life force while also expelling the poison. If not, she would’ve lost her life just now. I’d reckon that I’m the only person in this world who has the ability to save her. If I return her to you, she will stay completely incurable.”


 “Y-you’re lying!” How could the blue clothed girl believe that? “The flame poison that Master was infected by couldn’t even be cured by the Great Realm... there can’t possibly be a way to cure it. Not only are you low and hateful, you’re also a big liar! I’m not stupid enough to believe you!”


 “...” Yun Che was without words.


 “Hurry up and give me my Master or else... or else...” The blue clothed girl reach out her hand, condensed a shining icicle and pointed it at Murong Qianxue.


 “Sigh.” Yun Che helplessly rolled his eyes and said to Feng Xue’er. “Xue’er, give her her Master then.”


 Feng Xue’er gave a light push. In the next instant, as though she had been carried by a soft wind, the unconscious white clothed female slowly floated toward the blue clothed girl.


 The blue clothed girl quickly stepped forward and firmly hugged onto the white clothed female. Then, she retreated tens of meters back before finally relaxing. She lifted her hand to undo the restriction on Murong Qianxue and quickly said a few words. “Alright... let me say this first, I’m not a bad person. Everything I did was forced by that lowly man... I’ve never done this kind of thing before, okay.”
Ñøv€lRapture marked the initial hosting of this chapter on Ñôv€lß¡n.

 “You are not allowed to slander our Asgard Master like this again,” Murong Qianxue said coldly. This blue clothed girl possessed terrifying profound strength... but she unexpectedly did not make anyone feel the slightest bit afraid.


 Even though... some of Asgard Master’s actions were indeed improper, other people aren’t allowed to talk about him in that way!


 “Hmph, it’s not like what I said was wrong,” the blue clothed girl muttered in a small voice. At this time, she suddenly felt the white clothed female in her arms slightly stir before slowly opening her eyes. Although she was expressionless, her eyes were still as beautiful as dreamy stars.


 “Master!” The blue clothed girl shouted in surprised. Then, she said fearfully, “Master, h-how are you? Please don’t have anything happen to you. You almost scared me to death before, uuu...”


 As she said that, the blue clothed girl was already crying uncontrollably.


 The white clothed female’s chest slightly moved as she said softly, “Xiaolan... did you feed me something?”


 “Ah?” The blue clothed girl was stunned. “I... didn’t. I didn’t give Master anything to eat. Master suddenly fell from the sky earlier and then passed out. Then... Master woke up just now.”


 “...” The white clothed female’s eyes flashed with dee bewilderment and surprise. She said softly, “When I lost conscious, my life energy was already depleted. I would undoubtedly die in the next thirty breaths and never wake up again... Why would I reawaken... the poison in my life vein has weakened by a full thirty percent...”


 “Ah?” The blue clothed girl was stunned in place.


 “Was I... saved by... an expert...” The white clothed female’s voice gradually weakened as her eyes finally saw that there were others around them. But before they had yet to catch them clearly, her eyes misted over and she lost conscious once more.


 “Master! Master!” The blue clothed girl anxiously cried.


 “Xue’er, Senior Master Murong, let’s go. I’ve worn myself out for the day so I ought to get a good rest.” Yun Che swung his arms as he turned around and took large steps toward Frozen Cloud Asgard. “Forget about this random girl who came out of nowhere, let her do whatever she wants.”


 The blue clothed girl kneeled before her “Master” and stared blankly for a good while. She thought about what he had said earlier, then suddenly turned around to look at Yun Che and yelled excitedly, “Wait! Hey you, wait! D-d-do you really have a way to save my Master?”


 “Owah.” Yun Che yawned and even stretched his body. He did not stop his steps nor did he turn his head around; it was as if he didn’t hear her yelling at him.

