

Chapter 1610 - Divine Fruit of Absolute Beginning

 “Forget it, do whatever you want.”


 She had spent over two years by his side, so Qianye Ying’er had long since become familiar with Yun Che’s temperament. Looking at his current state, she knew that she couldn’t dissuade him no matter how hard she tried.


 Furthermore, given their ability to conceal themselves, as long as they did not force the issue and look for trouble, the risk of exposing themselves was very low. After all, no one could pierce the concealment provided by the Ni Yuan Stone, and as for Yun Che... Without even mentioning his ability to perfectly change his appearance and voice, as far as everyone in the three divine regions knew, he did not possess the power of the storm, and there was no way his cultivation had jumped to the middle stages of the Divine Sovereign Realm in a short two years.


 If she had not been at Yun Che’s side constantly, even she would have found it impossible to believe.


 The aura radiating from Qianye Ying’er’s body changed and she had suppressed her aura to the same level as Yun Che’s aura, the fourth level of the Divine Sovereign Realm. Just as she was about to change the color of her hair, Yun Che suddenly said, “There’s no need to change your hair, this is just about right.”


 Qianye Ying’er, “...”


 Two figures slowly flew through the gray skies. Not only were they traveling at an extremely slow speed, they also did their best to restrain their auras.


 These two people were precisely the Eternal Heaven God Realm’s Honorable Qu Hui and their crown prince, Zhou Qingchen.


 “Young master, even though our lord transferred his memory of this place to you long ago, this is still the first time you’ve entered the God Realm of Absolute Beginning. This place is laden with danger and there are many strange beasts living here. You must remember to never stray too far from my side,” Qu Hui repeated himself again.


 Zhou Qingchen stared into the distance as he said with a faint smile, “Royal Father asked me to come to this place to train. If I rely too much on Uncle Qu Hui, wouldn’t that be going against the purpose of coming here in the first place.”


 “Even though that is the case, the young master’s safety is more important than anything else. After all, our young master has to bear the future of the Eternal Heaven and the Eastern Divine Region on his back.” Qu Hui replied. “However, even though the young master’s innate talent in the profound way is excellent, you have never truly experienced danger. Your experience in actual combat is quite shallow so this is currently the best place for you to train.”


 “Thus, during this period of time, unless your life is in danger, I will not help you no matter what happens. Does this suit the young master’s purpose?”


 “It couldn’t be any better.” Zhou Qingchen nodded his head before he asked another question. “Uncle Qu Hui, what exactly happened to Royal Father? Two years ago, he was still admonishing me time and again, telling me that my temperament was still too shallow and my experience was still too lacking. However, over the last two years, he has repeatedly expressed the desire to transfer the position of realm king and his power to me.”


 “I am well aware that I am still very far from where my royal father desires me to be. Whether it is the position of realm king or his power, I am still not qualified to inherit either of those things... However, Royal Father’s intentions are becoming more and more clear, yet he has never been willing to divulge his reasons to me.”


 A rare and vague smile appeared on Qu Hui’s stiff face. “The young master’s experience is indeed rather shallow and lacking, but there is no need for you to sell yourself short. If our young master wasn’t good enough, why would our lord choose you as his successor. As for our lord’s strange state...”


 His brow faintly furrowed as his said, “Our lord has behaved in an upright and righteous manner for his entire life. The things he despises the most are going against one’s word and betrayal. However, when he took action against the Evil Infant back then, it was ultimately still a betrayal of Yun Che... and it even ended up with Yun Che exposing himself as a devil.”


 “After that, the Moon God Emperor destroyed the Blue Pole Star, killing countless living creatures, and our lord took the guilt of those crimes upon himself. For the last few years, his heart and soul have been deeply mired by the guilt of these things.” Qu Hui let out a sigh. “Perhaps, our lord has truly grown tired.”


 “Ah.” Zhou Qingchen let out a sigh as well. He said, “He destroyed his own good name to get rid of the Evil Infant, he definitely did not do such a thing out of selfish intent. He protected the safety of the entire God Realm in doing so and everyone in the world praises him for it. Only Royal Father himself...”


 “The greatness and magnanimity of our lord are unparalleled in this current age,” Qu Hui said as he looked at Zhou Qingchen. “Our lord’s sacred name will be remembered for all time, and once the young master succeeds the position of realm king, you must also inherit our lord’s will.”


 “I will,” Zhou Qingchen replied. He could hear something from Qu Hui’s words and he suddenly lapsed into a long period of silence before asking another question, “Uncle Qu Hui, Royal Father... does he truly want to transfer his power to me?”


 Zhou Qingchen had been looking forward to this day since many years ago, and all of his hard work and effort had been for this day as well. However, this day had now come far too early and suddenly, and it left him with a perpetual sense of disbelief and loss.


 The aura found within the God Realm of Absolute Beginning was unique and its suppression of one’s spiritual perception far exceeded that of the God Realm. When Yun Che had first entered the God Realm of Absolute Beginning, Xia Qingyue had informed him of this aspect.


 As a result, regardless of whether it was Qu Hui or Zhou Qingchen, neither of them detected two figures slowly creeping within three kilometers of them. The conversation that they were having had also clearly been heard by the other party.


 “Eternal Heaven wants to transfer his position to Zhou Qingchen? That’s really strange.” Qianye Ying’er was quite mystified by this revelation. “The entire God Realm knows that he personally got rid of the hidden threat of the Evil Infant, so his reputation should be at its peak. Why does he want to transfer his position to his useless son right now?”


 Yun Che did not say anything.


 Qu Hui turned around and said to Zhou Qingchen, “I know that this matter has been thrust upon you in a manner that is all too sudden. Even we are still left at a loss in regards to this matter. However, it seems like our lord has already made up his mind. Furthermore, your training is only one of the reasons we have come to the God Realm of Absolute Beginning today. Do you know why the two Guardians Tai Yin and Zhu Liu have also covertly come along this time?”


 “Tai Yin and Zhu Liu!?” Qianye Ying’er’s golden brows suddenly sank.


 “Guardians?” Yun Che asked.


 “That’s right,” Qianye Ying’er said. “Honorable Tai Yin, the one ranked sixth among the Eternal Heaven Guardians, is a level nine Divine Master. He has achieved great mastery over the laws of space and is very accomplished in using it. Honorable Zhu Liu, the one ranked thirteenth among the Eternal Heaven Guardians, is a level eight Divine Master. Among the Guardians, he is the one who is most proficient at using the powers of space besides Tai Yin.”


 After she finished speaking, Qianye Ying’er muttered to herself in a soft voice, “As long as they don’t ask for trouble and go too deep, a single Guardian would be enough to completely protect Zhou Qingchen. So why did they send out two of them... Since they’ve mobilized two Guardians, why did they mobilize Qu Hui as well?”


 “You just said that these are the two people who are the best at using the powers of space among the Guardians,” Yun Che said in a deep voice. “It is very possible that their main objective isn’t to protect Zhou Qingchen.”


 “Could it be that Uncle Tai Yin and Uncle Zhu Liu did not come here just to secretly protect me?” Zhou Qingchen asked.


 “Our young master’s safety is paramount, but there is another important matter we must attend to,” Qu Hui said in a very soft voice as his eyes swept the surrounding area. “The Eternal Heaven Spirit will delve into the God Realm of Absolute Beginning every once in a while. However, when our lord sent the divine consciousness of the Eternal Heaven Spirit into the God Realm of Absolute Beginning half a month ago, it detected the traces of a very high level aura.”


 Given the sort of existence the Eternal Heaven Pearl was, any aura that its divine consciousness would take an interest in and judge as “high level” was definitely not ordinary aura. Qu Hui slowly said, “It was the aura of a Divine Fruit of Absolute Beginning.”


 “A Divine Fruit of Absolute Beginning!?” Zhou Qingchen immediately blurted out in shock.


 Even though Qu Hui had deliberately kept his voice low, Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er heard his words loud and clear... Besides, Zhou Qingchen had shouted out those very words in shock.


 The two of them glanced at each other and they both sensed each other’s soul throb in that instant.
Ñøv€lRapture marked the initial hosting of this chapter on Ñôv€lß¡n.

 The Divine Fruit of Absolute Beginning was the very object they were dreaming of!


 “Is it truly... truly a Divine Fruit of Absolute Beginning?” Zhou Qingchen said in an incredibly excited voice. It was only when he had already started speaking that he remembered to suppress the volume of his own voice.


 “Mn.” Qu Hui nodded his head. “Actually, an important reason why the Eternal Heaven Spirit has probed the God Realm of Absolute Beginning with such frequency over the last thousand years was to search for the aura of a Divine Fruit of Absolute Beginning. The purpose of this was naturally so that we could help you achieve the most perfect god emperor inheritance.”


 “Finally, our lord’s magnanimity received the mercy of heaven and we detected the aura of a Divine Fruit of Absolute Beginning half a month ago,” Qu Hui continued. “If we delayed taking action by even a day, it would increase the risk of the fruit being discovered by others. This is why our lord put this plan into action. On the surface, we are sending you into the God Realm of Absolute Beginning to train and two Guardians are covertly protecting you. In reality, they are actually quietly trying to pinpoint the location of this Divine Fruit of Absolute Beginning.”


 “The few records the God Realm has of the Divine Fruit of Absolute Beginning stated that it is found in the territory of the Dragons of Absolute Beginning. That place is extremely dangerous and Royal Father has said that even he does not dare rashly approach that place. This is especially true whenever a Divine Fruit of Absolute Beginning is about to ripen. The aura contained within the fruit will warm a dragon’s soul, so all of the dragons will be closely guarding it... Can the two uncles truly obtain it?”


 Zhou Qingchen was filled with three parts apprehension and seven parts excitement... Because this was the Divine Fruit of Absolute Beginning!


 There were countless resources that could be found in the God Realm of Absolute Beginning, and they were all of an exceedingly high grade. However the Divine Fruit of Absolute Beginning was considered a divine object among divine objects in the God Realm of Absolute Beginning. It was formed from the most pure and vital spiritual energy belonging to the God Realm of Absolute Beginning. Even though it could not equal the rare treasures that were formed from primordial energy itself, it was not far off from those treasures.


 In the million year history of the God realm, the Divine Fruit of Absolute Beginning had only been harvested six times. This meant that it was already considered the blessing of the heavens if they could encounter one every few hundred thousand years.


 It was such a momentous occasion that even the god emperors themselves would be beside themselves in excitement if they heard about it, much less Zhou Qingchen.


 “Our young master need not worry,” Qu Hui said in a rather confident voice. “It isn’t convenient for our lord to personally take action, since that would definitely attract the attention of the other realms. However, Honorable Tai Yin and Honorable Zhu Liu are both extremely adept at wielding spatial divine power, so they can get near the Divine Fruit of Absolute Beginning without being detected by the Dragons of Absolute Beginning. Even if they are surrounded by all of the dragons after they have obtained the divine fruit, they will still be able to easily escape.”


 “In the history of the God Realm, the Divine Fruit of Absolute Beginning has only been harvested by any of the realms a total of six times. Three of these times, it was our Eternal Heaven Realm who managed to harvest it.” When he said those words, Qu Hui’s face could not help but light up with pride. “For the divine aura of the Divine Fruit of Absolute Beginning to appear again at this time, it cannot be anything but the heavens taking mercy on our lord’s magnanimity. In a mysterious way, this event also seems to be fortuitously aiding the success of our young master and our Eternal Heaven Realm.”


 “Since the heavens have blessed us with this, then we will surely succeed.”


 “Whew...” Zhou Qingchen let out a long breath and said, “Could it be that both of my uncles are already...”


 “Mn.” Qu Hui nodded his head. “It’s about time, so both Honorable Tai Yin and Honorable Zhu Liu should be close to the territory of the Dragons of Absolute Beginning.”


 In the distance, Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er frowned at the same time.


 “Can this be considered good news or bad news?” Qianye Ying’er said.


 They had obtained the Untamed Divine Marrow that the Burning Moon King Realm had hidden for ten thousand years by complete coincidence. If they could obtain the Divine Fruit of Absolute Beginning as well, they would be able to make the Untamed World Pellet that was said to possess the power of miracles.


 However, even obtaining the Untamed Divine Marrow was a huge surprise and something like the Divine Fruit of Absolute Beginning could not be sought after, it could only be encountered by chance.


 But right now, they had personally confirmed that a Divine Fruit of Absolute Beginning had been formed inside the God Realm of Absolute Beginning... However, even if they could shake off the pursuit of the Dragons of Absolute Beginning, existences which they definitely could not contend with right now, this Divine Fruit of Absolute Beginning had already been discovered and targeted by the Eternal Heaven God Realm a long time ago.


 And now, two Eternal Heaven Guardians who were extremely adept at using spatial power were very likely already beside that Divine Fruit of Absolute Beginning.


 Even though Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er’s strength had grown at lightspeed, these were Eternal Heaven Guardians! Even if they combined forces, they definitely would not even be able to fight against one of them, let alone two. If the Guardians were to obtain the fruit, trying to snatch it from them would be nothing more than a pipe dream.


 “Of course this is good news,” Yun Che said in an unflustered voice.


 “Oh?” Qianye Ying’er’s beautiful eyes turned towards him.


 “Given our current strength, even if we know the location of the Divine Fruit of Absolute Beginning, we still won’t have any chance of obtaining it. However, those two great Guardians are able to accomplish this feat,” Yun Che said slowly in a deep voice. “Then let’s allow them to work hard for us. They better not fail in their attempt to obtain it.”


 “And after that?” Qianye Ying’er’s lips had started to curve up slightly.


 “After that, won’t it be all too simple?” Yun Che said as he stared at the distant Zhou Qingchen. “Tell me, to people like them, these so-called righteous folk who despise all selfish desires, between a Divine Fruit of Absolute Beginning and Zhou Qingchen’s life, which do you think they will value more?”


 Yun Che’s face was impassive but his eyes were shockingly cold and gloomy. When she looked at Yun Che’s current appearance, a smile bloomed on Qianye Ying’er’s face as she said in a soft and gentle voice, “I’m really liking your current way of doing things more and more.”

