

Chapter 824 - Moonflower of Hell (2)

  

 It was time. Guests filled the entire hall. The Phoenix Main Hall and side halls were already filled with guests from all over the Profound Sky and any one of them was a well-known person within the Profound Sky Continent. The seats that had been set up outside the halls nearly took up half of Phoenix City. Although they might only able to sit outside, anyone that could enter Phoenix City was already undoubtedly the ruler of some land or some form of royalty.


 This engagement banquet, which has been labelled the most prestigious one in the entire history of the Profound Sky Continent, was personally hosted by Feng Hengkong. Even Feng Zukui, who no longer bothered with such affairs, was present. Feng Tianwei, along with all the other grand elders who rarely showed their faces and usually just remained in seclusion were all present as well... They all wanted to personally witness the Divine Phoenix Sect’s most glorious moment.


 Standing in the center of the main hall, Feng Hengkong who had already been emperor for a hundred years could not contain the agitation within himself. All the powerhouses in the world had gathered and even the Four Great Sacred Grounds were present... and the Four Sacred Masters all personally attended and prepared mighty gifts that were presented by their sect’s most important character as a sign of respect. Such a scene was something that he dared not even dream of and this scene was several times more grand than his ascension ceremony years ago.


 The goal of Divine Phoenix Sect had always been to one day be on the same standing as the Four Great Sacred Grounds. However, with the current state of Divine Phoenix Sect, even if it were to safely maintain its progress, to achieve such a goal would require several thousand years of time. Furthermore, with the Phoenix God dead, Divine Phoenix Sect had always been on the brink of danger. Their greatest wish had always been the full awakening of Xue’er’s powers.


 Today, the situation has drastically changed. A figure that could cause the Four Great Sacred Grounds to be scared out of their wits has appeared, and this individual was Yun Che’s master. The status of Divine Phoenix Sect had thus been elevated due to Yun Che’s relationship with Princess Snow.


 The Four Great Sacred Grounds obviously did not come because of their Divine Phoenix Sect. They had only came to please Yun Che. As long as their Divine Phoenix Sect were to maintain their good relations with Yun Che, even if the truth with regards to the Phoenix God were exposed, they would have no reason to worry. Even if the Four Sacred Grounds had ten times the courage they had now, they would not dare to cause trouble for the Divine Phoenix Sect because the person who had just married Yun Che was not any ordinary Phoenix Sect disciple but their future sect master!


 Feng Hengkong heavily sighed with emotion in his heart. He used to constantly feel worry and pained regarding this matter between Feng Xue’er and Yun Che. This was even his sole reason for developing killing intent towards Yun Che initially. In the end, he had no choice but to accept it due to Feng Xue’er’s persistence. Now, he learned that this was not a disaster for Divine Phoenix Sect, but a blessing in disguise! The conflict they had in the past, even the grudge of the murdered sons, all paled in comparison.


 “Everyone,” Feng Hengkong said after looking up, his deep and authoritative voice spreading throughout every corner of Phoenix City by his profound energy, “Today is my daughter’s twentieth birthday, and it is also time to fulfill a promise made back then to help her decide on her marriage. For everyone to come all the way here for my daughter’s matter, I, Feng Hengkong am grateful.”


 Feng Hengkong’s tone changed swiftly as he calmly continued, “I, Feng Hengkong, have fourteen sons but only one daughter. I love her very much and treat her as my treasure. Xue’er grew up beside the Phoenix God since she was young, and she is the first person in the entire history of my Divine Phoenix Sect to have truly inherited the Phoenix God’s legacy. She is my beloved daughter and also the future of my sect. Therefore, as Xue’er’s birth father and the Divine Phoenix Sect Master, I have never once thought of marrying her to a person outside of the sect.”


 “However, several years back, Xue’er and Yun Che met alongside the Phoenix God, experienced woes together and shared life and death together. Although my Divine Phoenix Sect has several grudges with Yun Che, their relationship has never faltered and instead grew stronger and stronger to the point that they would not even part in death. In the end, this became a chance to settle our grudges... Thinking about it this way, doesn’t this marriage seem like it was arranged by the heavens?”


 Feng Hengkong’s words were both moving and ingenious. He turned around slightly and said with a smile, “Xue’er, Che’er hurry and come welcome the guests.”


 Yun Che and Feng Xue’er held hands, walked into the hall and stood beside Feng Hengkong. Yun Che was dressed casually while Feng Xue’er was dressed in the phoenix robe that she wore when she first met Yun Che. The moment they appeared, the entire world seemed to have been engulfed by a glittering light, a light so dazzling that it was almost impossible for anyone to open their eyes.


 Because today’s Feng Xue’er did not wear her snow veil and her face was completely exposed to everyone. The shine of her beauty seemed to suddenly cause everything in the world to lose its glow.


 People who had heard of Feng Xue’er’s name were plentiful but only a very few had seen her actual appearance. They all stared dumbfoundedly at this beauty who was said to be the most beautiful woman within the Profound Sky. Their attention was firmly fixed on her, unable to pull away... The beauty of the woman they were looking at could not simply be described with words. Even the best painter in the world would not be able to replicate her beauty one bit and even in their dreams, they would not be able to imagine such unparalleled beauty.


 Shocked, stunned, envious and suffocated... No one that saw Feng Xue’er’s beauty would question that she was the number one beauty in the entire Profound Sky Continent. However, when they thought of Yun Che who was beside her, all their imaginations and jealousy had been exterminated at the same time. Several people snapped back to reality with great difficulty as they lowered their heads hastily and dared not look anymore, afraid that they might subconsciously lose control.


 As Feng Xue’er’s elder brother, even Feng Ximing rarely managed to see her without the veil. He stared closely with both eyes wide open and had a look of extreme lust. However, he clenched both his hands tightly while his heart wrenched tightly in pain. If it were before the Devil Sword Conference, he would go into a frenzy without any care for repercussions. However, facing Yun Che now, his remaining sanity caused him to be unable to do anything. It was as though he was being pinned onto a cross and was experiencing excruciating pain and jealousy while not being able to move.


 After the appearance of Yun Che and Feng Xue’er, what followed was naturally a series of standard procedures. Although Yun Che loathed such things, he tried his best to follow—he did not want Feng Xue’er to feel any bit of regret.


 “Che’er, Xue’er’s mother passed on early. This band was left behind by her when she was still alive. She wanted me to personally hand it over to Xue’er’s partner. All these years, I’ve always kept it with me and never let it leave my side.”


 Feng Hengkong gently held the golden threaded band in his hand for quite a few moments before he reluctantly passed it on to Yun Che, “From when Xue’er was thirteen, I had already begun thinking about her marriage. However, no matter what I thought, the most basic criteria was that he had to marry into our sect as we definitely could not allow Xue’er to marry out. Now, I’m going to pass this band and Xue’er officially to you. However... I do not want you to marry into our sect nor would I request that you do anything else for our Divine Phoenix Sect. All I ask for is for you to treat Xue’er kindly and not let my precious daughter suffer any grievances... That’ll be enough. Xue’er’s deceased mother would undoubtedly feel assured as well.”


 Feng Hengkong organizing this engagement banquet that shook the heavens, was indeed so that he could rely on Yun Che’s strength to build the Divine Phoenix’s might, as well as eliminating the huge danger that had always been present. However, Yun Che could tell that these words that Feng Hengkong just said were from his heart—at this moment, he was only Feng Xue’er’s father.


 “Don’t worry, even if I have to risk my life, I would not let Xue’er suffer from any grievances.” Yun Che said as he held the band in his hands seriously.


 Feng Hengkong nodded slightly. With what Yun Che just said, it was already sufficient for him.


 In the hall, Zi Ji let out a heartfelt sigh, “Princess Snow and Asgard Master Yun are the two most outstanding individuals of the current younger generation. Regardless whether it is their looks, qualifications or profound cultivation, there is no one that can match up to them. They are truly a match made in heaven.”


 As Zi Ji spoke, echoes of agreement sounded one after another.


 “In this world, only Princess Snow could possibly match up to Asgard Master Yun. Similarly, the only person that can match up to Princess Snow’s Phoenix status and alluring looks is no doubt Asgard Master Yun.”


 “It really makes people sigh with envy.”


 “Phoenix Sect Master, why don’t you set the date of marriage today as well so that we can prepare early for the big day,” One of the top clan masters within Divine Phoenix Empire shouted.


 Setting the date of marriage during the engagement banquet was originally normal and logical. However, this was something sensitive for Feng Hengkong. Since he did not force Yun Che to marry into Divine Phoenix Sect, so, the marriage date should naturally be decided by the male side. However, not only were Yun Che’s parents not present, they were an unspeakable taboo as well...


 Feng Hengkong instantly burst out laughing, skipped over what was said and raised his hand and shouted, “Everyone present today are all my Divine Phoenix Sect’s distinguished guests. Please do not hold back and enjoy yourself to the fullest.”


 Scree...


 Scree——


 The calls of the Phoenix were heard in sky above Phoenix City. Some of them were low and warm while others were high pitched. As people looked up, they saw thousands of Phoenix Sect disciples that were fully ignited in phoenix flames rush into the sky. They formed ninety nine figures of Phoenixes and danced in the skies, scattering scorching flame light and phoenix might all over Phoenix City.


 “Hahahaha,” Feng Hengkong laughed heartily, “The Phoenix Silhouette Sky Dance has already begun. Everyone please enjoy and start drinking. No one can leave sober!”


 Both the inside and outside of the hall replied in unison. The place soon turned lively as laughter was mixed with the noise of conversation and the resulting sound waves flooded the area.


 Looking at the bustling and excited hall, Feng Hengkong’s surging heart still could not calm itself. Although he could not completely get over the grudge of Yun Che killing his sons, he strongly believed that with Yun Che’s protective personality, he would definitely not mistreat Xue’er.


 The daughter that he regarded to be his life finding the best man that she also deeply longed for, who at the same time, also allowed their Divine Phoenix Sect’s status to skyrocket, causing the Four Great Sacred Grounds to never dare to touch them... and even Mighty Heavenly Sword Region to curry favor with him.


 Perhaps it was the blessing of the Ancient Phoenix God that allowed them to instantly step out of the peril they spent everyday worrying about and rise to the pinnacle.


 After several rounds of alcohol, the atmosphere of the banquet became even more lively. The Phoenix Silhouette Sky Dance performance also reached its climax and the sky was filled cries of the fiery Phoenix. It was as though the whole sky had been lit on fire. Feng Hengkong came over beside Yun Che and Feng Xue’er, “Che’er, Xue’er, it’s getting late. Follow me around to give toasts. As for the date of the wedding... Che’er, we still need to seek your parents’ opinions. There’s no need to rush. Wait...”
This creation is firmly rooted in the depths of Nøv€lß¡n★

 BOOOM!!!


 An unusual exploding noise suddenly sounded in the sky and it was followed by the violent tremors of the space. This caused the originally lively hall to suddenly turn grim. At the same time, pitiful cries were heard as the phoenix disciples who had been dancing in the air crashed into ground with failing flames.


 “Who’s there! How dare you barge into Phoenix City!” Several phoenix disciples shouted in deafening voices.


 “What happened?” Feng Xue’er hurriedly asked.


 “Let me go see.”


 Just as Feng Hengkong was about to rush out of the hall, the surrounding abruptly grew brighter. A scorching wave also surged from above. Instinctively, everyone looked up and became stunned.


 When they looked up, they actually saw a sky filled with residual scattering flames... The roof of the Phoenix Main Hall had actually disappeared!


 Feng Hengkong remained rooted. Yun Che and Feng Xue’er were shocked as well... Those that were able to enter the Phoenix Main Hall were undoubted figures with extremely high statuses. The Four Sacred Masters, the twelve Spiritual Masters of the Sanctuary, the seven Venerable Ones of the Supreme Ocean Palace, and the five Divine Envoys of the Divine Hall were all present but no one could tell how exactly did the roof disappear.


 It was as though it was silently absorbed into the atmosphere in an instant.


 “This... what happened? Just what has happened!” The atmosphere in Phoenix City changed drastically. A strong sense of unrest seemed to descend out of thin air and flooded everyone’s thoughts. The phoenix disciples that were in charge of security were all activated and each one of them looked into the sky, fully focused.


 A cool breeze blew. The sound of the wind was so calm that one could almost not hear anything stirring. However, the residual phoenix flames in the sky seemed as though they had been swept away by a violent storm and disappeared without a trace.


 Following the residual flames being dispersed, the figure of a woman appeared high above the sky of Phoenix City and she was accompanied by a barely discernible odd fragrance.


 :


 I know I stated that I was going to China with mommychu to visit grannychu and was hoping to return sometime June or so, but mommychu struck again, pushing our flight to June 1st. My trip to China is also now extended from June to the middle of July. Due to this trip, the planned double daily month releases for MEN will now be even more delayed. They WILL still come out after my trip though! Any regular chapters for every one of our series will still be coming out when I’m there (MEN 7, ATG 7, SR *TBD by Patreon*). I will try my best to get them out according to schedule, but if any chapters are missed due to chinachu problems, all of them will be made up when I get home.


 I know some people do not read the chapter posts in their haste to read the chapter so I’ll be leaving this message at the bottom of each chapter as a reminder!

