

Chapter 745 - Counterattack Begins

  

 “Die!!”


 Boom————


 Booooom————


 Boom boom boom———


 Continuous sounds of explosions reached Floating Cloud City from the far east. Even though it was extremely far away, it was still so overwhelming that it made the hearts of the people so uncomfortable that they felt as if there were going to burst. If you told the people of Floating Cloud City that this was the sound of two people fighting each other three hundred kilometers away, absolutely no one would believe it.


 This incredibly overwhelming sound of explosions was not only frequent, it continued for two entire hours and did not stop at all. Many citizens of Floating Cloud City went to the east side of the city to try and find its source by looking to the east.


 Ssss!


 Ssss!!


 Two long, pitch-black fissures appeared on Yun Che’s afterimage. Each slash of Fen Juechen’s attack were accompanied by an icy dark profound energy. Yet after slashing over ten times like a fierce storm, all he had hit were Yun Che’s afterimages. When the last attack landed, the waves were slashed open harshly, but Yun Che’s figure got further away.


 “Uuaahhhhh!!”


 The waves surged. A huge, pitch-black profound energy storm caused the clouds to change color, and it charged towards Yun Che with a fearful aura. Yun Che focused his gaze, crossed his arms before his chest, and roared deeply...


 Bang!!


 The dark profound energy storm violently collided with Yun Che’s body, sending him tumbling away. A giant, three kilometer long reef was sent flying into the air from directly below Yun Che. Before it could land, it was immediately turned into a fine powder within the energy storm.


 Yun Che purposely didn’t defend. His body was shot three or four kilometers away by the shock of the dark profound energy. When he stopped, he looked at his arms... the ends of his arms had been burnt black. There was no bleeding or pain... he couldn’t even feel his skin and flesh!


 Whoosh!!


 Phoenix flames ignited on his arms, dispersing the strange, pitch-black darkness in the blink of an eye and revealing his flesh which had previously been shrouded... The speed at which his body regenerated had already surpassed the limit of what should have been possible.


 “Fen Juechen, it’s been three hours! You’ve really disappointed me! Hahahahaha...”


 Yun Che laughed wildly, but not a single part of his body had relaxed. Every time there was a gap between Fen Juechen’s attacks, Yun Che would mercilessly ridicule him as if only he himself was a truly strong practitioner. He teased and humiliated his opponent as if he were a cat playing with a mouse. However, in his heart, Yun Che knew that the actual situation was not like that.


 As time passed, Fen Juechen became increasingly irritated. His roars had long since become hoarse, and the dark profound energy released by his body had already become a lot weaker. Nonetheless, his attacks were still incomparably fierce. Every strike was made with no care for his own life... His entire person had become an enraged madman. The only image within his blood-red eyes was Yun Che’s figure! His mind and soul only had one thought, and that was to kill Yun Che!


 Ssss!!


 A thirty meter long sword beam horizontally sliced out, savagely and ruthlessly tearing through the sky. Yun Che’s figure swayed slightly, then suddenly reappeared above the surface of the ocean a hundred and fifty meters below. A quiet sigh suddenly exited his mouth as he watched Fen Juechen roar and charge at him yet again.


 Just based on profound energy, Fen Juechen indeed completely surpassed him. If he fought with him head to head, even though he would not necessary be defeated in a short amount of time, he would definitely lose.


 But Fen Juechen was just too young.


 And his temperament was far too extreme.


 He was originally from Burning Heaven Clan. As the Burning Heaven Clan’s young master, he naturally wouldn’t have experienced a battle of life and death.


 Moreover, after he acquired the powerful dark profound energy, he had yet to encounter an opponent who could match him.


 As for Yun Che, not only did he have the experience from two lifetimes, he had also experienced many life and death battles. Earlier, Fen Juechen had roared that he had “gone through hell,” but all of the things that Yun Che had suffered through were things that even Fen Juechen would never be able to imagine.


 Therefore, even though his strength surpassed Yun Che, it didn’t mean... that he was be able to beat Yun Che!
The link to the origin of this information resides within Nøv€lß¡n★

 In the Azure Cloud Continent, there had been many with strength far beyond Yun Che’s. Yet a countless number of them had ended up falling at Yun Che’s hand anyway!!


 “Looks like we didn’t need eight hours at all,” Yun Che spoke in a low voice. He focused his mind and used all of his strength to deal with Fen Juechen who was closing the distance to him like a beast.


 Floating Cloud City, Xiao Clan.


 Number One Under Heaven was floating in the air, looking to the east silently. To normal citizens of Floating Cloud City, the explosive bursting and ripping sounds were just strange sounds in the distance, but he knew that, behind every sound, shocking power was hidden.


 “The fight has been going on for four whole hours,” Number One Under Heaven lowered his eyebrows and said in a low voice. “Brother Yun was even able to wound Duke Huai in one strike with his sword... to think that the strength of that young Fen Juechen had actually reached such a shocking degree!”


 “And he is not someone from the Sacred Grounds!”


 “Four hours have passed, yet it is still so intense... so scary.” Number Seven Under Heaven’s two hands subconsciously wrapped around her stomach as she felt frightened for the baby in her womb.


 “Big Brother is strong, he will definitely not lose.” Xiao Yun yelled confidently, yet his voice was trembling a little.


 “Little Aunt... don’t worry. Nothing will happen to Big Brother Yun. Even if he can’t beat Fen Juechen, he can use the profound ark and come back immediately,” Feng Xue’er continuously comforted Xiao Lingxi... because Xiao Lingxi’s aura had been chaotic this entire time. Her expression had yet to relax for a moment, and her face was filled with worry, terror, and fear. Her forehead had also become covered with a fine layer of sweat.


 Xiao Lingxi’s hands had been gripping Feng Xue’er’s snow robe very tightly. She begged once again, “Xue’er, please bring me over there... I am so worried, I...”


 “Big Brother Yun, he... he will definitely be safe,” Feng Xue’er said, comforting her. Then she bit her lips softly. In her heart, she was not any less worried than Xiao Lingxi. On top of that, she had heard Yun Che himself say that... he was not an opponent for Fen Juechen.


 “Nothing bad can happen to Little Che, the same goes for Big Brother Fen... both are them have to be safe! Fen Juechen really isn’t a bad guy. He even saved me twice! If he was killed by Little Che, I will never have any peace of mind again... I must go and stop them... They have already fought for so long, it’s enough!”


 Xiao Lingxi’s voice trembled as she began to panic. The sounds coming from the east clearly described just how cruel and violent the fight of hatred had become. It was probable that the battle between Fen Juechen and Yun Che would only stop when one of them died.


 If Yun Che died, she would no longer want to live. However, if Fen Juechen died, it would similarly be hard for her to accept.


 “But... but I promised Big Brother Yun. I need to listen to Big Brother Yun’s words,” Feng Xue’er panicked and shook her head.


 At this moment, the oppressive sounds of explosive combat from the east suddenly stopped. Even after a long time, it didn’t resume. The faint oppressive force they felt, from the battle that was hundreds of kilometers away, had even disappeared at this time.


 “Ah? Is it finally... over?” Xiao Yun said in a low voice, and at the same time everyone’s expressions became serious.


 Since the fight had lasted a full four hours, it was impossible for them to predict just how tragic the outcome would be.


 Feng Xue’er hurriedly picked up her sound transmission jade and asked in a very nervous tone, “Brother Yun, are you okay? Did you beat him?”


 Each breath after the transmission felt suffocating as they waited for a response. However, Yun Che’s voice quickly transmitted back.


 “Rest assured, I am fine. After all, there’s no way anything would happen to me. You all don’t need to worry at all... I will return in another two hours at most...”


 Yun Che’s voice was very relaxed and full of confidence. A faint chuckle could seemingly be heard as well.


 At that instant, everyone felt relieved.


 ————————————


 Profound Sky’s Eastern Ocean.


 Yun Che slowly put away his sound transmission jade, then coldly looked at Fen Juechen in front of him. Yun Che’s hair had become completely disheveled, and there were no longer any clothes covering his body. Other than the corners of his mouth, no blood was visible on his body. However, his body was covered in black marks from where his flesh had been charred. He was breathing heavily... but he was in far better condition than Fen Juechen.


 Fen Juechen had stopped attacking, but his eyes were still wolflike. His chest intensely heaved up and down as if it could explode at any time. The aura surrounding his body was much weaker than it was at the beginning, but the despair, violence, coldness, and killing intent still remained.


 “You... are... purposely... consuming my... strength!” A bloody light flashed through Fen Juechen’s pitch-black pupils.


 Fen Juechen was proud and self confident. Furthermore, he held extreme hatred and murderous intent for Yun Che. Thus, it had been very easy for Yun Che to enrage him and cause him to attack in a wild rage. As he attacked and failed, it had only made him even more angry... These four hours, he had madly attacked Yun Che constantly, and the profound energy surrounding his body had decreased by more than sixty percent!


 As for Yun Che... his profound energy had decreased by less than thirty percent!


 The sword strike just now had churned up huge waves in a three kilometer radius. When the cold seawater descended, it had drenched Fen Juechen’s entire body, shocking him as the chill assaulted his mind. However, this had also cleared up his mind, causing him to suddenly realize Yun Che’s true intention.


 Yun Che remained calm as he said with smile, “Right. In the end, you managed to see through it after all. However, it took you a full four hours of battle to realize this, you truly cannot be considered intelligent.”


 Fen Juechen scoffed, and the pitch-black sword in his hands made terrifying sounds, “The current you is just garbage that must die! No matter what mind games you use today, you can stop thinking about leaving here alive!”


 “My, my, looks like even saying you are not intelligent is flattering you.” Yun Che’s expression was a relaxing, slight smile, “I only defended without attacking during these four hours of your continuous attacks, but I am not dead and they didn’t cause a serious injury. Even an idiot should understand by now that, with my movement skill and speed, you wanting to kill me now... is simply foolish nonsense!”


 Earlier, when Fen Juechen had gone entirely the offensive, his strength and momentum had both been frightening, but Yun Che now had Fen Juechen completely figured out. Fen Juechen’s movement skills and speed were undeniably at least level below him!


 Long before this battle, Yun Che had decided to use this method to deal with Fen Juechen. He believed in his superior movement skills and speed and hoped that they would give him an advantage... Currently, it seemed that not only did this advantage exist, it was also greater than he had expected.


 Now that Fen Juechen had noticed it, he naturally couldn’t continue doing so. Yun Che also had never any intention of remaining on the defense without any sort of retaliation either.


 Clang!!


 Red light flickered, and the Heaven Smiting Sword was in Yun Che’s hands once again. At that instant, under the incomparably tyrannical aura of the sword, the ocean’s waves and howling wind died down, as if they had been frozen still. An indifferent smile emerged on Yun Che’s face as he coldly sneered and said in a low voice, “Not only that, today, the one who will not be leaving here alive... is you!!”


 This Chapter’s Teaser

